NEWS
~CROSS.FIL~
~BRIEF1.BLK~

                               SOME NEWS
                               =========


- There seems to be a revival going on of the Atari scene. Reports of 
  new (paper)magazine's and new games go around. 


- A new Atari magazine is born the Netherlands. This magazine goes by 
  the name of 'Atari plus' and is aimed at the Dutch Atari users.


- Most Falcon computers in the Netherlands get sold with 250 Mb. 
  Harddrive and a 32 MHz. speed upgrade. I would recommend that all 
  Falcon users must upgrade their machine to 32 MHz.


- There will probably be a Atari party in about 4 months from now. This
  party will be organized by the Giants. It could be that we're also a
  bit involved ...


- A new commercial Atari (paper) magazine will see the light in the U.K.
  This new magazine will be published under the name 'Atari World' and several
  people from the scene will be working for it. Confirmed is the fact that
  Steve Delany (Floppyshop PDL) will do the news section, unconfirmed is 
  whispered that Douglass little also will write for this mag. 


- The new U.V.K. viruskiller 6.5 is just released. This program is coded by 
  Richard Karsmakers (editor of ST News). Also available in a German version 
  via Compo.


- Mr. Pink of the Reservoir Gods will be responsible for the new 'Maggie' 
  magazine shell. Expect this new shell around august this year !


- Surprise: Lazer will code the intro for D.B.A. diskmagazine number 13. 
  Needless to say that we're quite happy with that !


- Finally a Doom clone will be released for the Atari. It will be created for
  the STE but also runs on the Falcon. Screenshots in the ST Format didn't look
  that promising though ... ST Format suggest in their title that this version
  beats the original Doom (yeah sure)


- The next issue of ST News will be released on June the 17th !


- NEWS !! Wizztronics are planning to continue the Atari line of computers
          with much better machines. The new systems will be called Sorcerer
          instead of Atari. Everything isn't sure yet but it does look
          promising. Here is a piece of text from Genie:


<Wizztronics <Steve>> Well lets talk about the proposed 060. No 060
machine will be released until all bugs from Motorola have been
eliminated. The Planning has already begun on the new Platform. We have
sent a proposal to ATARI Corporation in regards to the possible
purchase, and/or licensing of the Falcon Platform. We plan to move
swiftly in the development of this new Computer. Proto types to be
Available before December 95. Specifications on the proposed computers,
are as follows: Wizztronics Propriety Operating System 70% Software
Compatibility to existing TOS platform.  Limited Hardware support TBA
Open architecture Under $1500.00 (Entry Level ) Entry  level computer,
32 bit  68030 @33mhz,  Digital Signal Processor  56001 @33Mhz Sampling
rates @44.1Khz  and  48Khz, Selectable balanced audio output +4 or  -10 
@92db  Dynamic Headroom. Ram 4 MB Standard, Expandable to  128  Megabyte
using Standard 72  pin Simm Modules. 2 High  Speed  Serial Ports, 1
Parallel Port, 2 Midi in and 2 Midi out Ports, SVGA Video  with 2
Megabyte of Video Ram independent from  system ram 1024 by 768 64K
Colors, (entry Level) expandable to 1280 by  1024 16.7 Million colors. 
2.88 Floppy support, one  1.44 Drive  supplied, with the ability of
addition of a second Floppy. SCSI 2 Hard Drive interface, * Compatible
Cartridge port  Multi ( 2 ) software selectable (under consideration).
Standard  Desktop AT style case with 250 watt power  supply, AT Keyboard
and  Serial Mouse.  68040 Base system Starting at $2500.00 32 Bit 68040
@66MHz 68060 Base system Starting at $3500.00 32 Bit 68060 @ 66mhz over
100 MIPS

Options include Accelerated Graphics controller, Enhanced DSP
controller, using a Texas Instruments DSP, Speed is over 100 MIPS How is
that for specs!!

---

There is even more from Wizztronics like the Falcon Rack, check out the specs:

The Falcon Rack, an alternate mounting enclosure for the Falcon 030
computer, that can be used as a desk, top tower or as a 19" rack mounted
case. The Barracuda 040 Accelerator for the Falcon 030 computer, giving
the user system performance unparalleled to any other ATARI computer
currently available. Currently equipped with a 68040 33mhz
microprocessor. Accessories include an additional Ram Card allowing for
the installation of an additional 128MB of TT or Local Fast Ram. Zero-X
A DIGITAL SOUND PROCESSING SOFTWARE Package for all Atari 520 through
Falcon 030 computers. Hows that for starters!!


 ~BRIEF2.BLK~
~BLEU.PAL~




