
ñ-------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð
{*f1 A T R S {*f0

            ~  ñA G E N T   Tð   óR E N D E R I N Gð   ò S Y S T E Mð  ~

 ñ-----------------------------------------------------------------------------ð
  Code : òCandymanð and ñAbyssð       Gfx  : óAgent t :)ð          Msx  :ò Taoð
 ñ-----------------------------------------------------------------------------ð 
                                  

    Like everyone around I was almost óstruck  deadð when I came  to download this 
small screen : of  course people  had  already talked a  lot about A -t using PC 
sofware for rendered gfx such as the stylish font and menu of òDo Things...ð but I 
couldn't believe they were so true !!!

    That's it, the ugly  truth is finally  unveiled and the  Creamies are giving
away what  made A -t such a  talented graphician : ñhis rendering system !!!ð Load 
the .prg and you get  a cool chip by Tao (hum at  least A -t can  enjoy good msx 
when composing gfx). Then you  recognize the font used in  the menu of òDo Thingsð  
but it is strange : it reads "Agent T  rendering system v1.4". Some instructions  
are then typed such as the name  of the picture, size, number of colors and even  
the motive !

    A progress  shown  as a  percentage  starts  off  and  the  picture (the one 
presented at the 4 color compo organized by Evil) is being calculated. The first 
sketch is very basic with only the main  frame and outlines but  gradually it is  
filled with colors, details and dithering. After a while you  get the ñreplicað of 
this picture :

{*i atrs.pi1 m 0 10 0 100}

    What is to be added ? You shed a tear and press space to exit...
    
    óBottom Lineð : of course only a few  òlamersð or  ñbragging gfxmenð  will believe 
that A -t actually uses a rendering system (and hell I'd  like to see a software 
capable of painting a gfx with such  parameters  as size, colors and  motive !). 
Cream brings us fresh air with this  ñfakeð  screen and  slaps all these  guys who 
keep telling  crap  without  knowing ! Personally I'd like to  be able to use so 
many sources to  paint  gfx : Agent -t  òperfectlyð  handles  raytracing (both for 
pictures and animations) but also we know he  can paint  with 4, 16, 256 or more 
colors and pixellise  real wonders ! I'm not telling he is a god or whatever but 
I just don't get why some ppl enjoy ñwasting their timeð on jerk innuendos instead 
of doing things themself (and this goes for every  lamer around though no one is 
targeted here). In other words enjoy this piece of humour or get lost

 ò- --------------------------------------------------------------------- -- -ð
                                                      ñtest byð òSt SurvivðOòrð      
ò - ---  ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -ð