
{*f1 ELITE COMPILATIONS{*f0

ñ--------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð

    As usual another compilation no one was willing to review so as a dumb guy I 
am I stepped foward as volunteer though there isn't much  exciting about these 2 
compils anyway...


    óElite volume 6ð
    
    This volume features a very poor intro with a  small Elite #6 written with a 
font while the screen keeps  fading to  different colors... Then  we have a poor 
picture representing a disk with  the content  of the compil written on it while 
2 big blue  scrollers are having fun on  top of  the screen (at least someone is 
enjoying this). No choice  of keys to move  to the selected programm, just press  
space and go back to the GEM. òImpressive lameness...ð Once you've managed to find 
some prgs amongs the numerous files on the disk you try your chance :

    òCrackman : no need to present this game which was reviewed in the previous 
UCM. It's enough to tell you that this version is óbuggy to the bone !!ð Is it a 
joke or what ? I'm not sure anyway this is crap filing guys !
 
     ñStupid Balloon Game :ð this one is even older. It seems to be working fine 
though I didn't test it fully.

     óMove Itð : a strange GEM game in monochrome... I couldn't play and my screen 
was all messed up when I tried to quit. Cool...

     òLine Crash :ð hey this one works ;-) It's a  tronlike very  classical though 
up to 8  players can  face each other. Ugly gfx and  no sound  for a game released 
in 1992. This is an antique compilation !

     ñBottom Line :ð this compilation  sucks  right from  the start. It's ugly and 
not friendly at all (hey where is  the traditional main menu ?????) not to mention 
the numerous bugs in  the games offered. Don't waste  your time with that crap and 
get running versions of Crackman and Stupid Balloon Game instead...


    óElite volume 7ð
    
    This one isn't  worse, at least as  far as bugs  as concerned. The intro  is 
almost the same ie lame and boring. Then it's worse as this compil only features 
utils like Calamus modules, CD drivers well lots of useless stuff for a ST user. 
Well maybe you can dig up something interesting and then delete this poor compil 
otherwise don't even try to get it. Of course there is no main menu once again.

    ñsucks,ð òsucksð and ósucks,ð bye !
    
ñ-------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð
             ñreview by STsurvivor (who hates wasting his time unpacking shit)     ð
ñ-------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð