ò-------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð
{*f1 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS {*f0
ó-------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð
  
    As UCM15 was released many questions  rose with almost no  one daring to ask 
them in front  of  me  so I've  decided to  answer these  questions, most of the 
answers will unsurprisingly show you  that the  change at the  head of UCM shook 
both Moondog and I and so there were several minor incidents...
      
    What we òallð want here is to  know what's wrong with the UCM to improve it on 
condition that  you want  it as strong as  me. In other words  don't talk of big 
projects if you don't intend to give me a hand...


    ñWHY THE FUCK WAS UCM15 SO DELAYED ???ð
    ñ-------------------------------------ð
    
    Yes of course you've all told me that at least a hundred  times but you also 
know that  Moondog left his position as  *main editor* and soon after I came in. 
This required  quite a time of  adjustment for  the both  of us, enough  time to 
transfer all the  articles, ascii  logos, shell and  instructions. Also  I  must 
confess that I  had to "get familiar" with  this  cool shell but  hey UCM 15 was      
finally released so what's the  big deal ?? Not happy with it ? Then try to make 
a full magazine  like  that and  you will  become aware of the amount of òworkð it 
implies.

    
    óWHERE IS EARX'S INTRO FOR UCM15 ?ð
    ó---------------------------------ð
    
    Yes again you are right, Earx was in charge of the introduction to UCM15 but 
I had to make a decision  about this matter and I am fully  responsible for it : 
his intro was NOT ready and so  I had  the choice  between òdelayingð  UCM 15 till 
early August (Earx wanted the intro released at PMP) and release the mag without 
the intro. The thing is that for sure having  a cool intro  makes every issue of 
UCM more valuable but it was already too delayed ñ(see question one)ð so I decided  WITH Earx's agreement to release UCM15 first and then to give him a hand 
on his intro. PMP proved I was right since the intro óisn't released yet 8-((ð

    Also to answer the  people who think I  stabbed  Earx in the  back I have to 
repeat once again that Earx and I  agreed on that solution ! Later on I even did 
some gfx for Earx intro and hopefully you'll see them someday...
     
     
    òHEY YOUR PIECE OF SHIT CRASHES ON MY FALCON !!!ð
    ò-----------------------------------------------ð

    Erm I know well I heard about this situation on IRC shortly after UCM15 came 
out. The problem is  quite easy to  understand : I have a 4Mb STe with harddrive 
so I checked the  mag in  every  configuration  available  reducing ram, from my 
floppy drive and so on  and it  ñWORKEDð ! Ok  sometimes the mag  crashes when you 
fool around with the chips, ie change music every 10 seconds, and that's a known 
bug but hell I'm not a coder ! Earx was informed of  this bug and is desperately 
trying to fix it but help is warmy welcomed. From now on I'll do my best to test 
UCM on someone's Falcon but the bug will remain as long as it's not fixed.


    ñI ALMOST GOT BLIND WITH THE COLORS !!ñ
    ñ-------------------------------------ñ
    
    One of the attractive features of  UCM is the  possibility to  add ócolorsð to 
the text. The problem  now  is  that  too  much  color can  end up  with a nasty 
nauseous feeling if you see what I  mean 8-)) I try  not to put  too many colors 
into my own articles but I'm  ònotð responsible for other ppl's ! Next time try to 
write to the author of the felony. As for me I tend to like the main menu of UCM 
the way it is but do not hesitate to give me suggestions.


    òHEY MY ARTICLE IS MISSING...ð
    ò----------------------------ð
    
    Also  known as "you  bastard  didn't review my demo/game/util !!" comment it 
naturally refers to the  change of  main editor. Some  articles were lost and/or 
Moondog never sent them to me  like the ñChartsð. I'll try to set  up a new one in 
this issue. And I'm sure you are  bright and  intelligent  Atarians so  you must 
hold back some precious backup of your work somewhere. Then send it to me and it 
will get published as soon as possible.


    óWHY YOU PUSSY NEVER SAY "SHIT, FUCK AND LAMER" ?ð
    ó------------------------------------------------ð 
    
    Well that happens when you change the head of a team, some like the  new guy 
while others wish the former would be back. Moondog is a great friend but he had 
problems and they tended  to make him a bitter main editor (well by now you must 
have realized that it can happen  to me too). I don't want to demotivate newbies 
by saying they created shit, are lamers, should get dead or something. I respect 
people's work but if I don't like it I'll say it ! I ódislikedð  Accident, Dawn of 
The Dead, H Demo IV and  you can read it in my òREVIEWSð as any other reviewer has  
a right to express his ñOWNð impressions. Besides I don't give a shit about the so 
called Maggie Vs UCM war as there isn't any (we've  already won ;-). Some people 
say stupid bragging lamers complain about "UCM  getting a  girl mag" well then I 
will disagree with them and just say : get lost suckers !


    ñIS THERE ANY UCM PERMANENT TEAM ?ð
    ñ---------------------------------ð
    
    Well this last question  may be very  interesting as I am  longingly waiting 
for the missing articles to complete this issue. MC Laser (wake up please !!!!), 
Paranoid and Tao for instance have been valuable UCM collaborators over the last 
years and I hope they  can  keep working on UCM with me but I am also very happy  
to welcome  newcomers like The  Berserker, Phenomenon and others. If you want to  
write something for us then feel free to reach me and send me your contribution. 
It doesn't mean you'll have to  write tons of  regular articles or get committed  
(sentenced ?) to life but óI would really appreciate a little help.ð

ñ-------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð
    Enough for this time I think. Note that ALL these questions  were based upon 
comments or questions  collected from the  IRC or  emails. I just don't feel the 
need to put a name to each of them especially as many  people asked for the same 
explanations.

    More comments or shitty critics are welcomed to òsurvivor@atari.orgð
                                                    
ñ-------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð

                     ó ~ ST survivOr / Loud^Lunatic Asylum ~ ð                                         