
{*f1GRAZEY ZACKS HACKS{*f0

    ò....................... .. V o l u m e  2 0 .. ..........................ð
   
   Here is  another  volume of  Grazey's soundchips  compilation. I think it was 
released quite a while ago but it wasn't tested before so here we go...

   As  usual  the  compil  starts  with  a "double  sided"  intro : the 1st  and 
inescapable one is the  animation of the PHF  logo  painted  by Flan(ker) a long 
time ago. Then the new  intro  starts first  with ugly equalizers that will make 
you nauseous (hey what's about pink and green and purple ?? cool colors 8-). The 
last part  is more  interesting with a  text  displayer that  uses dots to shape 
letters. They zoom in or  just appear like  that and it's quite  nice though old 
looking. Too bad the dots are white and the screen black...

  This time Grazey used the SNDH  format and provides us  with a player both for 
ST and Falcon to be used as applications. This is  where my troubles started ! I 
installed the  application for my STe and launched a snd file. Yeah sounds great 
but how can I escape now ? Already the  interface isn't  too pretty  but after a 
while you feel like leaving, logical ? Then I press space and...ó it crashes !!!! ð
I tried  to cut my ram down to half a meg, start the  player from a floppy, even 
turned off my harddrive but nothing could do ! It crashed  again and again on my  
STe and considering  the number of demos, games or utils I use on  a daily basis  
I'm afraid (or reassured :-) that it's coming from the chip player. Well you can 
try your chance...

    The compil features quite a lot of chips and digidrums  though as I told you 
I couldn't listen to  them all (rebooting gets a little  boring after a while !) 
anyway you'll be  hopefully  able  to listen  to  many chips composed by 505, MC 
Laser, Tao, Loraine, Brimble, Leitch, Piscol (well I  don't know these  ones but  
they sound good)... I  just wish we could  enjoy musics by Dma Sc who's become a  
very talented musician !

    ñBottom line :ð the intro is average but it's not  the big thing  in this sort 
of production. The quality and variety of  musics is òhighð and  chips lovers will 
surely like this  compilation... if they can run  the player properly !! Without 
any doubt this compilation becomes useless without the player (I don't even know 
if there are  other players  around to  read snd files 8-(. If  it works on your 
machine get it, otherwise...

ñ-------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð
ò                                                          review by STsurvivorð
ñ-------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð

