
{*f1 LOMBRIC {*f0
                                                              by Just For Fun
ñ-------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð
        Code : òExocetð and óTranticð    Gfx : òExocet (main gfx)ð    Msx : ñ???ð
ñ--------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð

    Here is a small game coming from óExocetð formely graphic artist of the French         
democrew òPositivityð that most of you must have forgotten by now as I have... But 
I perfectly remembered the quality of Exocet gfx so it tickled my curiosity when 
I read his announcment on DHS  bulletinboard. A few minutes and a quick download 
later here comes òLOMBRIC :ð

{*i lombric.pi1 m 0 20 0 200}

    LOMBRIC is another ñTronlike gameð in which up to three human players can face 
each other in a mercyless fight. This clone doesn't bring any novelty though and 
may not be remembered by many of you. Controls are either set on the keyboard or 
on joysticks (but I prefer to use keys in this type of game). From the main menu 
shown above you can see that a few choices are offered, among them the number of 
players (1,2 or 3), the speed (well don't  expect speed  light either), info and 
the amount of òblocksð... of what I hear you say ??

    Well here is the óonlyð original  feature of  LOMBRIC besides its  really nice 
gfx : the playing area will be crammed with tons of obstacles displayed as black 
squares that  you will have to avoid. By the way the playing  screens looks like 
this 

{*i playgrnd.pi1 m 0 20 0 200}

    There isn't much to  add : the game  enjoys a  òcoolð chip, a  very famous one 
though I cannot pick up the  name of its  composer 8-(( The gfx are  óreally cool ð
but the game lacks  originality with  only ñONEð  playground  quite reduced by the 
score box and the complete absence of weapons or bonuses make of it just another 
(more beautiful) clone... Too bad.

    ñBottom Lineð : the gfx are really cool, I LOVE them and hope this game is a 
sign that Exocet is willing to do gfx for other ST games or demos ! For the rest
I don't think this tronlike game is really enjoyable...

ñ-------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð
                                                            òSTsurvivorð
ñ-------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð                                                            
