
{*f1 MADNESS {*f0

    ñ |--------------------------(ð òby CREAMðñ )-----------------------------|ð
    ñ |                                                                   |ð
ñ|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|ð
ñ|ð     Code : òAbyssð and óCandymanð   *   Artwork : òA -tð    *    Msx : óTaoðñ        | ð
ñ|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|     ð

    CREAM is surely  one of the most  active bands these days and the release of 
òMADNESSð will surely  not  contradict my  sayings... The  band claims  this music 
compilation is just a "little something" to  entertain us till  óHEFTIGð comes out 
but hell I'd like to be entertained this way more often 8-)

    It all starts ñ- like Do Things -ð from a MSA file you can depack to a disk or 
run directly if you  have at  least 2 Mb of  ram (then  install the demo  onto a 
harddrive is even  better). There is a  well designed LOADING screen with a nice 
chip. Soon after the screen fades to blue in a smaller window of approximatively  
320x100 pixels. ST lovers will  instantly recognize the background in spite of a 
pixellisation effect due to the low resolution used. It reminds you of a Thalion 
presentation and that's an impression soon reinforced by the famous chipmusic of 
this introduction. Last clue is  the logo made of 3 triangles plus one bigger in 
the background. That was how the original Thalion intro looked like but there is 
a  slight  difference here : the triangles are not  flat but they are 3 D shapes 
covered with óPhong  lightning.ð Looks damm  good !!! After a  while a nice little 
CREAM logo fades in and that's it for the intro 8-))

    Again the loading screen soon followed by a menu accompanied by the original 
soundtrack of Turrican (no mention is done of it but I recognized it as so). The 
main menu is  composed  of an  horizontal  scroller at  the bottom, a  magnified 
picture in the main  frame (as if displayed in a lower resolution) and some text 
in a 1 plan font with on top of  it a 1 plan Madness logo. From the texts you'll 
guess that this demo  offers to  enjoy some  of the  most famous  soundtracks of 
Chris Huelsbeck, Dave Whittaker or Jochen  Hippel (hope I didn't slaughter their 
so  complicated  names ;-) in  their  original Amiga formats. For sure it sounds 
damm óbetterð than the ST versions. You'll be able  to recognize : Enchanted Land, 
Lethal Excess (aka Wings Of  Death 2) but also  Last Ninja, chambers  of Chaolin 
and others, 8 musics in all. The sound quality is the only poor element here but 
I heard that it was quite hard to  render Amiga chips on  ST so I guess I cannot 
do much about it. Moreover it  is sufficient  to plug your ST to an amplifier to 
add trebbles and have a  better replay  quality. Note  that each time you change 
music you get  another background picture directly taken from the selected game. 
Another good idea is to mangnify a little these  pictures (well  maybe it's just 
because I enjoy watching picture more closely than other ppl who knows ??).

{*i main.pi1 m 0 20 0 200}  
  
    Time to wrap with the now usual reset screen. A cool  chip is heard actually 
a remix of a Tao song that can  be found in  the òsuperbð Do Things... Then we are 
given the full credits with a white  font on a purple  background. But there are 
very nice light spots - as in  óSWEETIE by DHSð - that fly around them brightening 
some parts. Really cool in  spite of a blurring effect that is exaggerated in my 
opinion. There  isn't  much  more  to watch : the  credits come back  once again 
adding a vertical distorting effect plus the spot lights and keep repeating with 
no end.... this is mad !

{*i reset.pi1 m 0 20 0 200}
 
    ñBottom Line :ð maybe not as ass kicking as Do Things  because most musics are 
not Tao's compositions and that there is very little A-t gfx but as a tribute to 
some of the most talented musicians òMadnessð fully plays its part ! The intro and 
outro are amazing courtesy of Candyman and the musics will make you nostalgic to 
the marrow of your spine ;-) I even  felt like digging  Lethal Excess out of its 
dusty disk box ! Someone wanna play with me ?? Another ónecessaryð CREAM prod !!

ñ-------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð
ò                                                        review by STsurvivor  ð
ñ-------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð