FINNISH SCENE


                               Finnish ST-scene
                               ----------------

SANDMAN from FLASH is back in business! This time I decided to write
about ST-scene in Finland. Because I've been here from the beginning
I think I'm just the right person to write this story.

In the beginning there were nothing but darkness. But after a while
some Finnish ST-freaks formed a group called FLAME OF FINLAND (FOF).
FOF was only a cracking group with three members (at least I can't
remember more of them). Nowadays FOF doesn't exist anymore, but two
of them (JINX and WANDERER) are members of well-known group called
SUPERIOR.

The next bigger step was KRUZ. They made the first megademo ever in
Finland. At the same time there were also some other crews (TNS,
AGGRESSION and THE BRAINWASH COMPANY).

But let's come to this day. Now the leading groups are KRUZ, TNS,
AGGRESSION, CHRONICLE, UNIVERSAL CODERS and ARMADA (Armada is not
group, it is a union between AGGRESSION, UNC, TNS and some others).

There are also some smaller groups like FLASH (yep, I mean us!),
TGM and EXTREME. All I can tell is that at least our own group does
not have extremely good coders, and that's why we haven't become so
popular yet. I don't know the situation of EXTREME, but I know that
TGM has the same problem that we have.

The quality of Finnish demos is nowadays very good. AOG (KRUZ's 1st
megademo) was good, but it is very old now. In this year (1992) 
AGGRESSION has released a demo called Overdose and it is brilliant!
UNC has started their own disk-magazine and it will certainly be one
of the best magazines around...

Also I've seen a preview of KRUZ's soon-coming megademo. It will be
called BEYOND, and it will have the best vector-routines ever made
on ST.

Well, all in all the Finnish ST-scene is getting better all the time
and I can't see the limits where this progress could possibly stop!
There is one big and dark cloud on the sky, and that's the problem
of importing new machines to Finland. Finland is know as the land of
Amigas, and it's hard to change that. May be the new FALCON 030 will
beat Amiga... we'll wait and we'll see...

                                               SANDMAN of FLASH 1992
