-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      VECTRONIX NEWSLETTER ISSUE 10 & 11
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Last but not least the latest and BIGGEST issues of the Vex-News so far! You'll
believe me that I'm  glad to have them in our magazine, not only to fill up the
diskspace, no way. With this stuff we can give you information we had never got
by ourselves...

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           ______
   _____  /   __/___  ______  ____    ______  ______  ______  ______  /\
   \_   \/   /  __  \/     _\/   /___/      \/      \/      \/\  /  \/  \
    /   /   /   ____/   /__\    ____/   /___/   /   /   /   /  \/   /   /
  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/  _/   x   /_
  \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   \   /     /
   \___  / \___  / \___  / \___  / \_/.sNs.\___  / \_/\  / \_/ \_/\__  /
       \/      \/      \/      \/              \/      \/            \/

          The VEctroniX NEWSletter Issue #10 [November 2, 1997]

      Contact VEXNEWS for submissions, un/subscription, information
             or whatever reason at all: vexnews@mindless.com

  To get previous issues send an email with the subject "get vexnews #x"

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

                we'll steal your dreams, control your minds
                     persecute the fools, left behind
              the realm of the freaks, is to solve the demise
                  we'll ravage the poor, blinded by lies

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

  [ Contents of VexNews Issue #10 ]

  1. Are you a hacker?              9. Hit'n'Run is back (sort of)
  2. Birmingham Atari Show         10. The Reservoir Gods Cwmention
  3. Overview of Interjam '97      11. Atari Times Awards 1997
  4. CDR-Capacities                12. TosBox PC/ST Emulator v1.0
  5. Supremacy is back!            13. Nostalgica emulator for Macintosh
  6. New Vectronix Releases        14. The Amiga is back!
  7. Atari & pirating?             15. Diana's crash a work of satan?
  8. New Elite members!            16. Vexnews Survey

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[1] ARE YOU A HACKER? by ReDragon

     Take a little quiz for me today. Tell me if you fit this description.
You got your net account several months ago. You have been surfing the net,
and you laugh at those media reports of the information superhighway. You
have a red box, you don't have to pay for phone calls. You have
crackerjack, and you have run it on the password file at a unix you got an
account on. Everyone at your school is impressed by your computer
knowledge, you are the one the teachers ask for help. Does this sound like
you? You are not a hacker.

     There are thousands of you out there. You buy 2600 and you ask
questions. You read phrack and you ask questions. You join #hack and you
ask questions. You ask all of these questions, and you ask what is wrong
with that? After all, to be a hacker is to question things, is it not? But,
you do not want knowledge. You want answers. You do not want to learn how
things work. You want answers. You do not want to explore. All you want to
know is the answer to your damn questions. You are not a hacker.

     Hacking is not about answers. Hacking is about the path you take to
find the answers. If you want help, don't ask for answers, ask for a
pointer to the path you need to take to find out those answers for
yourself. Because it is not the people with the answers that are the
hackers, it is the people that are travelling along the path.

http://www.cdc.net/~x/

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[2] BIRMINGHAM ATARI SHOW! by Ripley

     For UK Atari-ites the tradition of going to the 'Brum show' is almost
as ingrained as Christmas, but with the added excitement of not knowing
when it will take place. 'The show', as it has become known to regulars,
takes place usually twice a year, depending on who's running it and just
how organised they happen to be. This year it was in October, and
unfortunately the show, rather like the month, seems to be very much in the
autumn of its life. As usual it was held in the Motorcycle Museum,
otherwise known as the poor-man's NEC.

     In past years, the show has always had a central attraction; Apex,
Magic, even the novelty of the first 'Maggie Stand', but this year it had
the atmosphere of a second-hand car-boot sale desperately trying to
disguise itself as an up-market-honest! Vauxhall Corsa. And judging by the
sort of clientele wandering around (a very large guy in a kilt AND sporran)
it seemed more of a 'fly-fishing', rather than mainstream interest,
exhibition. The confirmation of this was the appearance of SHAG - the
Stafford and Herefordshire Atari Group. Hmm. Anyone with such an
abbreviation is obviously as sad as, well, a large guy wandering around in
a kilt and sporran.

     The stands, with the exception of SHAG, were all regulars, although
the Portfolio club had expanded to swallow American Brad [who used to sell
anything from replacement Lynx screens to all essential Atari mugs] who's
absence was most bitterly mourned. And with the price of new Portfolios
remaining a ridiculous £150, the Portfolio club began to feel like an
exclusive, incestuous old-boy's network, which really didn't want their
purity to be "polluted" by new-members.

     16/32 were there as always, with possible even more ST games than in
previous years, but with only about one copy of 'Crown of Creation 3D'
which they obviously sold in the first minute (to Mr Pink's disgust). Did I
ever tell you about how I had to wait 12 months to get my [already paid
for] copy of Robinson's Requiem? No? Well I did anyway.. Mike Harlow is a
VERY dodgy geezer. [And I'm not just being bitter]. They also had some Lynx
games, but with an average price of £30, they seemed to have exactly the
same amount by the end of the day.

     The Console Centre was the only stand to get any of my well- earned
cash. And was it spent on a new, cutting-edge Jaguar game? No of course
not, I bought a nice, Jaguar-hologram Keyring, [which is seeing more use
than my Jag atm I must say]. They were showing Iron Soldier 2, which looked
a lot nicer than IS1, but when compared to the output of the Play-station
and Saturn it seems very much outdated. Too little, too late, to quote
Cynix back in '93.

     The Maggie Stand was the only one with anything really new and
interesting - i.e. Maggie 24, with an intro by New Beat Development and
it's semi-new shell (the all-new shell is very much under- construction but
should be ready for the big M25) and a gorgeous cover-picture (drawn by moi
;). The issue was packed full of exciting, interesting articles/reviews/
humorous banter and at least one person bought, yes BOUGHT, a copy! So go
and read it! go on! you know you want to!

     The highlight of the show was [I hate to say it] the bar. With the
infamous Tiger Beer back on the menu, Kev 'Taffy' Davis was a VERY happy
man, and could be spotted dunking at least one chip into his brimming
pint-glass. The show has become the unofficial meeting place of the Falcon
Reservoir Gods and with only MSG missing (due to a certain female ;) it was
drinks all round and lots of moaning about the 'slender content' of this
year's show. However, the future seemed brighter after a few pints of Tiger
in the autumn sunshine. Especially when a passing spider decided to build a
strange erection in Mr Pink's hair..

     A very drunken Ripley, reporting on THE Brum Atari show. Phoenix! Give
me my Citrusmuffin now! (Well, uhhh... I had to bribe her with _something_
to get this report... /phx)

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[3] A VERY DETAILED OVERVIEW OF INTERJAM! by Hardball

(Translated to English by Metallinos. I never did translate German/Bavarian
slang to English before. What hard work!!!! /met)

     Besides Tscc, Inter, Absence and Animal Mine there is also our friends
from "the other part" of Germany: A group called Checkpoint. "Mr. Important"
from this crew was very sad that Daryl (TEX), Tyrem and Duke were not at
the party. Tyrem and Duke didn't know anything about this convention and
Daryl's car had been on the fritz. The "Zonies" (Checkpoint) and the
"Frankfurters" came in two groups, both with a real "fucking-car" (caravans
;-), cars really to give up... A bit shocked by this fact, early the next
morning Bandit and me drove to Daryl's who lives in Marburg. After a
comfortable breakfast at the corner the three of us then drove to the
Atari-Fair in Düsseldorf/Neuss.

     After arriving, it got down to serious business really fast. Jacky/ACF
had a booth there where he was exhibitioning things. Jacky needs to change
his homepage after this fair: The information "Jacky meets Clawfinger" is
"cold coffee" - now it should be changed to "Jacky meets Vectronix".

     To keep the important people at his exposition, Jacky gave away some
Lynx to Bandit and Daryl. Also other groups gave the honour to be in Neuss:
The suckers from Animal Mine (who also got some Lynx for free from Jacky)
and some of the !@#?%&*!$&#" (censored /met) Detonators. Mr. Eclipse
(called Marc Rosocha) was there also. After a very intense talk with Marc
and some "hamster-buyings" (after Bandit got the Lynx from Jacky, the Idiot
bought 15-20 games for it, indeed!), the thought of travelling home
increased. We all were very hungry, so we tried to find a McDonalds. Some
traffic-rules had to be broken and we had to drive through a zone for
pedestrians only, just to find a McDonalds...

     Then we drove to Marburg where Daryl lives. Damn, we thought that
Marburg (where Frank - called Metallinos is doing his studies) had the
ugliest women, but we really had to change our minds! Daryl told us that
near his house, there's a really good pub. We changed the idea of going to
the pub against reality, very fast. Later in the night we found out that
the pub belonged to the programmer of the legendary copy-programme called
"Bitte ein Bit"!!! After one or more (*grin*) beers we said "goodbye" to
Daryl and drove back to the convention.

     Meanwhile Foxe of Animal Mine showed up at the convention with his
Ultra64. And also some other guy (acting like a queen) with his girlfriend
had arrived to the party, but we really couldn't see to which group "Tütü"
was belonging to. Maybe Inter? Although Questor's (Inter) face-color
changed to red when asking him about the "queen"... Question: Is Questor
also a queen? (harhar! *grin*) At least, we will clarify this question at
the next convention!

     By the way, there also had been several people from the Archimedes-,
PC-, and C64-scene at the convention. The C64-dudes did torture all others
with tormenting SID-sounds... After the sixth song at the music-competition
we then left the convention....

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[4] CDR-CAPACITIES by Metallinos

     CD-producing and copying ("burning") becomes more and more popular
these days. And the prices of the CD-R media become cheaper and cheaper
from month to month. But if you are in a shop and they have lots of
different media to choose from, one may have the difficulty to decide which
ones to buy! There´s maybe TRAXDATA media available for e.g. 3.99 DM and
beside, there´s VERBATIM DataLifePlus medias for 3.99 DM. They have the
same price, but which one is the better one?! One point of decision can be
the capacity of a CDR. Unbelievable, but they have a wide range to vary!
Capacity goes from 650.6 MB to 658.7 MB! It´s a difference of exactly 8.1
MB data or 55 seconds audio...

     Maybe you someday try to copy an Audio-CD and find out that you cannot
copy it 1:1 to a TRAXDATA CDR completely, but you maybe could copy it to a
VERBATIM CDR! So you better had chosen Verbatim instead of Traxdata... ;-)

     The listing below bases upon my personal experience with different
CDRs. The values have been measured with EASY CD PRO 95 v2.11 and show the
free capacity of different CDRs which are actually available all over
Germany. The table is sorted by the size of the capacity of the CDRs. The
values may vary from time to time as all manufacturers often change their
"CDR-secrets". I will try to keep this table up to date, whenever I find a
changing somewhere or whenever I test a different CDR, I will update this
listing.

     Very interesting are also the values from other countries around the
globe. So if you have the possibility getting hold of media e.g. from
France or the USA, please use EASY CD PRO 95 v2.11's CD-INFO and send name,
manufacturer and colour/dye-type and free MB/free sectors/free minutes of
the obtained CDR to vectronix@hotmail.com!

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
|Manufacturer, model (colour) (type)| Sectors  | free MB | minutes | p.r. |
|-----------------------------------|----------|---------|---------|------|
| BASF (blue-green)             (4) |  337275  |  658.7  |  74:57  |  *** |
| PIONEER Video CDM W74S (blue) (1) |  336526  |  657.2  |  74:47  | **** |
| ANUBIS (green)                (2) |  336150  |  656.5  |  74:42  |    * |
| 3M IMATION (green)            (2) |  336000  |  656.2  |  74:40  |    * |
| MAXELL (gold)                 (3) |  336000  |  656.2  |  74:40  |   ** |
| VERBATIM DataLifePlus (blue)  (1) |  335025  |  654.3  |  74:27  |  *** |
| TDK (light green)             (4) |  333900  |  652.1  |  74:12  |   ** |
| BESTMEDIA (green)             (2) |  333675  |  651.7  |  74:09  |    0 |
| KAO (gold)                    (3) |  333675  |  651.7  |  74:09  |   ** |
| RICOH (gold)                  (3) |  333675  |  651.7  |  74:09  |   ** |
| KODAK (gold, with bar code)   (3) |  333151  |  650.6  |  74:02  |   ** |
| TRAXDATA (gold)               (3) |  333151  |  650.6  |  74:02  |   ** |
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

p.r.: Personal Rating (0 to ****) But everybody may decide this by himself!
type: Type of the Dye: (1): Azo (2): Cyanin (3): Phthalocyanin (4): unsure

     Very interesting: TRAXDATA and KODAK have the same size and same
colour and somehow seem to be the same all the way round. Same with KAO and
RICOH. So if you have the choice between KAO and RICOH, take the cheaper
one :-) Definitively, TRAXDATA is not manufacturing CDRs but only selling
them. Also ANUBIS is only selling CDRs and not manufacturing them. So both
of them may suddenly completely change buyer and values will change in this
table...

     My personal opinion about the colour-base of the CDRs is that the blue
color is the best one. All CD-ROM readers and AUDIO-CD readers I know are
able to logg them in and play them. Second best are the golden ones. The
green ones are the worst: There really are some CD-ROM drives which cannot
properly logg them in! For example the old 8x SAMSUNG ATAPI-drives. But
this all depends upon your personal CD-drive and will definitively vary
from drive to drive! Probably your CD-reader will not read golden CDs but
will perfectly read green ones. Unbelievable case, but who knows!

     About the KODAK CDRs: They are the only ones who have a BARCODE
printed on. With a special CD-recorder you will be able to produce
Photo-CDs playable on Photo-CD players with these medias only! Other medias
don´t work!

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[5] SUPREMACY IS BACK! by Phoenix

     Supremacy is about to open a little site which in first hand will be
carrying french translations of major Vectronix release and some releases
of their own, both legal and illegal ones. The people behind this site is
Crash Override, Robin and Salamander. For further information and
availability send an email to Salamander, salamander_sup@hotmail.com.

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[7] ATARI & PIRATING! by Phoenix

     Everywhere I look I see arguing and discussions about piracy, whether
it's okay or not, if it killed the Atari or whatever? Who gives a fuck
really? I don't think _anyone_ can with good concience swear they have
never pirated any software and never will again! Having been a sysop for a
pirate board (still is) and with all the people I have had contact with
during the years I can promise you, those people you thought was the least
to pirate, they do it as well! I'm not interested in framing someone out,
so don't worry! I'm just telling you how things are!

     Would you for example believe some of the most respectable Atari
computer companies used to pay for leech accounts on the major pirate
boards, just to get hold of the latest software to see if it was worth
buying? I guess you did, and there's nothing wrong with this, is it? They
only want the consumers best, don't they? Yeah, right...

     This double-moral-anti-shit against piracy almost makes me wanna throw
up sometimes. I have fully understanding for some people who can't speak
open about it because of their situations in the atari community or
whatever, but not being able to admit for yourself you're not perfect
either, and keep buggering other people about it, this makes me sick!

     Old ex-atarians are coming to #atari asking for TOS images or old
games, everyone turns them down and keep saying it's copyrighted stuff and
that they should go buy it etc. Who the fuck cares?! People running
PacifiST and the other emulators is doing it for one reason, nostalgica!
These people was once one of us, you and me, and now we have turned them
our back?! Wake up! Support and help those who wants to remember the old
times, how the old atari was like! They're doing it for fun, not because
they're pirates.

     This with emulators really seems to annoy alot of atari users for some
reason, but I don't understand why. And with the emulators old Pompey
Pirates, Automation menus and so on started to appear both here and there
on the net, and people starts screaming about piracy again! The games on
those menus are like from before the STE times, there's not a single
company existing today who would care about the games. Why should we?

     The best way to keep a computer alive is to use it, that's what
someone said on irc a few days ago, and I couldn't agree more. These words
are the most truthfull I have heard for a long time. Facing the reality one
can tell how the situation is, we need to take care of each others and
supply each others with software. If it wasn't for piracy many people would
never have bought a computer in the first place, and they sure as hell
wouldn't have stayed with a computer like Atari this long...

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[8] NEW ELITE MEMBERS! by Phoenix

     Elite is expanding once again, they have recruited some new (and also
old) members. No crackers this time, but instead a musician, gfxartist,
coder and a supplier. One could almost think they are to become a demo
group, but so is not the case. It's especially nice to see that LowLife is
"back in business" again after a few years break, even though he says he
never was away himself... No matter what, we wish him and all the others
welcome and good luck in Elite!

     Here is the new members as of current elite.nfo. Sorry for those weird
characters, but Elite are so kEwL they gotta write in an eLiTiSh way to
live up to their name you know... ;-) I will not even try to translate this
to normal language as it's way beyond my capabilities (I'm not that cool),
so try figure out what it means for yourselfs.

CômpÅkT                  Iceland      mû$icïàn
ÉtêRÑªL                  England      sûpplïér
IÑcå                     Sweden       c¦dër
L0wLifê                  Nederland    gfX ªrtîSt

     There is also rumours going around about an eventual "EliteNews"
newsletter, which would be Elite's answer to VexNews I suppose. I don't
know much more about this though. Let's wait and see what happens, it could
get interesting...

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[9] HIT'N'RUN IS BACK! (SORT OF) by Phoenix

     I guess just about every Atari user in the world have sometimes in
their life heard or seen the name Hit'n'Run mentioned somewhere. It was
Elite's WHQ and a legendary BBS in itself, located in the Netherlands and
runned by Sledge, founder and leader of Elite at the time.

     Now he's back, not with the BBS Hit'n'Run, but with the internet
homepage Hit'n'Run! Sledge and Lowlife have been working on this site for
quite a while now and it's finally starting to look like something!

     You'll find great history and stories from the groups that was Elite,
Elitendo, Elite Sega, Hotline & M.C.A. It's still under construction
though, but you'll be able to read some stories and enjoy some beautiful
graphix already. Check it out!

http://www.hitnrun.com/

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[10] THE RESERVOIR GODS CWMENTION '97 by Phoenix

     This little cwmention, independent from everything else ever seen,
might have missed most peoples attention. However, it did happen, and we
who wasn't there can only imagine how cruel it really was! We found some
interesting results in the voting results though...

Fave Cracking Group

1st: Vectronix
2nd: Lemmings / Denim

     There was no third place. We must of course thank everyone for showing
interest in us once again! It's not easy to stand up to these expectations
of being number one of such an active scene. The blood, sweat and tears are
dripping as we lay down to rest after a hard days work... Thank you!

     For those who are interested in other competition results such as Best
Cricketers, The Mild (Non-Wild) Competition, Fave drink, Nicest Desktop,
The Award for the Most Hours Spent Sleeping, The Award for the Least Hours
Spent Sleeping and many more, look at the Reservoir Gods homepage!

http://www.acs.bolton.ac.uk/~msg1css/results.htm

     As Maggie #24 was released Saturday 18 there's also a full story about
this event available, check it out! Disk magazines in all honour, it's
something special with them of course, but it feels somehow old fashion and
as old news are no news, there's usually not much news when it gets around.

     I hope both Maggie and UCM (new issue of UCM should be out in the end
of the month!) will take the step into the internet century and deliver
fresh scene news in a more appropriate way. Sh3/RG and Evil/DHS is working
on a internet solution for Maggie right now as what I have been told, it
will be interesting to see the result when it's finished!

http://wombat.ludvika.se/~ae/dhs_files/misc/maggie24_falcon.zip
http://wombat.ludvika.se/~ae/dhs_files/misc/maggie24_st.zip

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[11] ATARI TIMES AWARDS 1997! by Atari Times

     In order to pay tribute to those people who have supported the Atari
scene over the last year, the Atari Times is launching the Atari Times
Awards. All you have to do to vote is fill in the form below, or make a
note of all the categories and email your votes to polonowski@zetnet.co.uk

     The biggest award is the 'Special award for services to the Atari
community'. Before voting on this we think you should consider your answer
very carefully.

     Voting will end on the 1st December 1997 so make sure you've made your
contribution to the final results. The December issue of the Atari Times
(UK) will be the first publication to print the results. After this a few
other atari magazines will be given access to the results for possible
publication. If you wish to print the results in your publication then
email Colin Polonowski at the address above.

http://www.users.zetnet.co.uk/polonowski/atimes/

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[12] TOSBOX PC/ST EMULATOR V 1.00 RELEASED! by Mark Slagell

TOSBOX, a shareware PC/ST emulator for productivity applications, is
now available in version 1.00.

Download it from http://www.geocities.com/SiliconValley/Vista/4448/

HTML docs, FAQ, and screenshots can also be found at this site.

Notable features:

1.  Extended VGA/SVGA video, up to 1024x768 in 16 colors (since
standard GEM programming protocol automatically supports this, many
applications turn out to be compatible with extended video modes even
when the original developer didn't think of it).

2.  Up to 14 megs ST memory, depending on your PC's capacity; TOSBOX
has a surprisingly small footprint and leaves lots of room on most
systems.

3.  Full and fast access to all PC file devices including arbitrarily
large hard drives, CD-ROM, and floppies of any density; multiple
mounted directories allow you to use the DOS file structure without
modification, or hide data from the emulator, or set up several boot
drives within the same MS-DOS drive (in any case, all files are freely
accessible outside the emulator).

4.  Support for TOS versions 1.00, 1.04, 2.05, 2.06, and compatibility
also with most others.

Some new stuff in version 1.00:

*  Complete RS-232 emulation including hardware flow control
*  Numerous bugfixes mean compatibility with many more programs than
   before, including Pagestream, Word Up, DataManager ST, Papyrus,
   Tempus, and most compiled GFA BASIC applications
*  Compatibility with more SVGA hardware
*  Blitter emulation
*  More robust exception handling
*  Redundant high-level printer support, so BIOS/GEMDOS printing is now
   almost as fast as writing directly to the hardware.

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[13] NOSTALGICA EMULATOR FOR MACINTOSH! by Philippe Gérin

The version 0.2 beta 1 of NoSTalgia is available.
NoSTalgia is an AtariST emulator for the Macintosh.

Infos & download: http://users.skynet.be/sky39147/

- Mode 'Mac Mouse'/'ST Mouse' : only one visible pointer.
- PSG emulation (AY 8910).
- Possibility of utilizing boot-sector information to determine the disk
  format
- Bug fixes in 68000 emulation.
- Correction of VBLs timing.
- Absolute mouse mode.
- Mouse right button (Apple-click).
- Software is more stable.
- Bug fix on disk-image ejection.
- Removal of 'Hard Reset' command; restart the emulator is more efficient!
- Speedup of 15-100% depending on the emulated software.

Enjoy !

--
Philippe Gérin
mail:ph.gerin@skynet.be
http://users.skynet.be/sky39147/

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[14] THE AMIGA IS BACK! by Ny Teknik Issue 40-97

     The popular personal computer Amiga gets new life. Gateway 2000 who
bought the rights to the Amiga earlier this year have until now been very
silent about their future plans. According to ZD Net a new Amiga model with
a new operatingsystem will be launched within a year. The computer will
among other things be adapted for the most common graphic cards, have a
serial port and be able to run different operating systems.

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[15] DIANA'S CRASH A WORK OF SATAN?! by Faramir

     TV show "Le Droit De Savoir" on french private channel TF1 this Monday
October the 6 learns us the Mercedes in which the tragic accident occured
was stolen a while before and recovered afterwards. Repairs had to be done
to the breaking system, the assisted driving system, and more. The bill of
the garage amounted to 114666 french francs! There is one chance out of a
hundred thousands for that amount to be random. This means the crash of
Diana is the work of forces of evil! Although investigations conclude the
accident was due to another car and not to a mechinical problem, this
amount is a clue! Diana was killed by forces of evil!

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[16] VEXNEWS SURVEY! by Phoenix

     This was the 10th issue of the Vectronix newsletter, it's almost three
weeks behind schedule, but better late than never! The creation of this
issue has been a bit different to the others. All other issues have been
written from scratch to release within a few hours on impulse, this time we
wanted to do something special, something "more". I should kick my ass for
sitting on a 99% finished issue for almost two weeks though, shame on me,
but on the other hand the issue grew larger and larger during the time!

     We hope this issue, as well as all the others, have been to some
satisfaction, perhaps something have atleast cought your interest, and that
you have enjoyed reading it! But to continue the work of VEWNEWS we need to
hear from you, we need to know what you think about this, what you like,
don't like, what you want to read about, what you don't want to read about
and so on!

     We ask you to just drop us a few lines, telling us what you really
think of VEXNEWS, both positive and negative opinions are welcome of
course! There's no way to change and improve anything which is not good if
we never get to hear about it, so don't be scared to tell the truth!

     We also want you to tell us if there's anything happening, maybe in
your crew, some party, other event or just about anything! We want to
inform the underground atari scene about what's going on, and we need your
help! If you got news to share with the rest of us, send us a message about
it!

     You are more than welcome to write submissions for the newsletter,
we're always looking for talented people who can write (unlike ourself) and
enjoy doing so! For example we don't have a good coverage of the demo
scene, maybe someone who's more involved in it will be able to report of
what's happening there and so on...

     Think about it! You know where to find us, we're not dangerous, we don't
bite people and we're waiting to hear from you! But for now, please send us
a mail telling us what you think of VEXNEWS, we really need it to continue!
Don't think someone else will do it and that your comments don't count,
that's wrong!

===============================================================================

          The VEctroniX NEWSletter Issue #11 [November 18, 1997]

      Contact VEXNEWS for submissions, un/subscription, information
             or whatever reason at all: vexnews@mindless.com

  To get previous issues send an email with the subject "get vexnews #xx"

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

               hey God, i really don't know what you mean.
              seems like salvation comes only in our dreams.
               i feel my hatred grow all the more extreme.
           hey God, can this world really be as sad as it seems

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

  [ Contents of VexNews Issue #11 ]

  1. Heavens Trash exclusive story
  2. Dusting off the oldies
  3. New Releases by Effect
  4. Changes/Corrections/Updates
  5. WinSTon is released!
  6. Would you be reckless?
  7. How to smoke in Sweden
  8. Telia delivers top domains

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[1] HEAVENS TRASH EXCLUSIVE STORY by Phoenix [phoenix@weirdness.com]

     Vectronix World HQ and TSCC Swedish HQ, Heavens Trash is closing down
once and for all! As the glory days of the bulletin boards as we remember
them is long time gone, and the days of the BBS'es total existence is
counted, Heavens Trash is shutting down! The time has come when I don't
have the time nor the motivation to keep maintaining it, and rather than
see it slowly die by itself from distance I feel I want to end it all right
here, right now!

     It's been some great years for sure, I had always dreamed about
running my own board, from the minute I bought my first modem and connected
to the first BBS I thought like "whoooahhh, this is cool, I wanna too!".
Unfortunately I was just a little kid back then, I had no money, no job or
anything, I just couldn't open a BBS how much I wanted it! When I do
something I want to do it the right way, I never even considered running a
BBS on the Mega ST4, Megafile 60 and a 2400 modem which I had back then, or
just have the BBS open for certain hours for example. I did however play
around with every fucking BBS program I could find!

     It must have been in 1994 (that's atleast what the last backup disks
here says) sometime when the leading board, Eagles Nest runned by Zaphod
Beeblebrox/ICS shut down, because of some troubles. The atari BBS scene in
Sweden turned into a big black hole, the need of a replacement was obvious
and something had to be done!

     I bought the one and only BBS program, RATSoft/ST which I
unfortunately had to wait for over 6 months to be delivered due to the
great service from Rodent Laboratories! As I had seen RATSoft in action I
couldn't even think about running anything else, I had tried all the
alternatives and they all sucked in compare! After I finally recieved
RATSoft I played around with it for a couple of months, I had what to
become Heavens Trash inoffically opened during the days for testing with
friends and from work and so on, customized all menus and everything. I
wanted Heavens Trash to become something of it's own, not a default
installation like everybody else (with some exceptions) was running at the
time.

     As the perfectionist I am when it's about things like this I was never
satisfied, it was several months before I opened up officially, I remember
I first planned to open up November 1, 1994, but it all took longer time
than I expected, and when it was finally declared offical opened we was
then in early 1995 already.

     Now, the BBS was finally opened, would any people call? There was not
much Atari users in my area code, in fact it was some of my friends and
nobody else! I was fearing people would not call long distance and my dream
die faster than I could imagine! I did not have to wait long for this
answer though, people called for sure, not only from other areas within
Sweden, but from all over the world! "Whooaaaa, are they nuts?!" I thought,
as not many (except for the people from Poland) was able to call for free
at the time. During all times the userbase of Heavens Trash has for some
reason stayed about 50/50 of swedish/foreigner users, and the average age
around 30 years. This was not at all what I had expected!

     I think one of the reasons for having problems to make a name in
Sweden was that all sysops found Heavens Trash quickly, and even though
they leeched everything new from us, they nuked our BBS-ads before putting
it online in their own BBS (no names!). This was a real pain in the ass as
it's the only way for a new board to show that everything is passing here!
And I also think the average age of the people calling from Sweden was alot
lower, and it was the swedes more than anyone else who complained about how
expensive it was to call long distance! Anyway, we kicked ass anyway!

     Until then I had only done some cracking for my own pleasure, but I
saw the lack of new stuff and started to take care of things, I got alot of
originals from the users of Heavens Trash, and off we went! I also must
send big thanx to everyone who was trading between the boards during this
time, especially the folx from Poland (Vat, Mirek, Cat and so on), there's
alot of people who should be mentioned really, from all over the world! You
know best for your self who you are I think... ;-)

     I'm proud to say that Heavens Trash was a great success already from
the beginning! It all went very fast, and before I know it we was competing
with the "big boards" as Hit'n'Run, NightBox, Hang Loose and all the
others. I had proven to myself I could make a successfull board and it felt
good! Everything was great, until... I managed to fool around and destroy
two partitions of files for the BBS, alot of stuff was lost! However, we
got on our feets again and then some months later it happened again, the
whole fucking 1GB harddisk DIED!!! Nothing could be saved, everything was
just lost! I felt this was the end, now I have had enough of this!

     Although, within a few weeks (it was in the middle of summer
vacations) I got a new harddisk as replacement, and I started playing with
RATSoft again, I thought about what to do, and decided to open up again! We
lost many users, lots of warez, and the h/p/a conference was totally
abandoned after this. Perhaps not many knows that Heavens Trash was
originally focusing alot on h/p/a, we had one of the most complete and well
sorted libraries of underground materials in Sweden at the time and the
very first users was not Atari users at all, but mainly hackers and
phreakers using Amiga and PC computers! Believe me they was shocked to find
a board which also had Atari software!

     Oh well, we was back in business after a short while! And then one day
I met Metallinos on irc, I remember this was very fun, he was that kick-ass
cracker of the german crew Vectronix which name was on all releases
everywhere! We started emailing each others, LOT'S of emails it was, haha,
and still is... man, this guy just kept sending mails all days long like if
he hadn't anything better to do.... or, hmm... was it maybe the opposite?
;-) Anyway, it was great fun!

     Faramir who took over the leadership of Elite after Sledge left asked
me to join Elite as cracker, and with Heavens Trash as Elite European HQ
(NightBox was WHQ at the time since Hit'n'Run closed down). I had also
started to realize I needed to have a crewname behind Heavens Trash if I
wanted to succeed any further, and Elite was now offering a EHQ title, it
was somehow cool! Elite members started to send me emails to congratulate
me for joining with Elite, as they assumed I would never let the offer
down. They were wrong...

     Even though I had contact with other Elite members since before, my
relation to Vectronix had grown harder and harder and I had become such
close friend with Metallinos that it felt wrong to join with Elite, and he
thought it would be a shame to see me in Elite as well. So, I joined with
Vectronix instead, somehow I felt more like home! Elite was also already an
old and well etablished name in the scene thanx to Sledge and the guys,
with Vectronix we still had to fight for our name, it was more of a
challenge, and I think we managed pretty well! Heavens Trash was originally
the Swedish or Scandinavian HQ of Vectronix, but when NightBox closed down
it became the World HQ!

     In 1997 we switched from the RATSoft and the Atari TT with 1GB
harddisk the BBS was running on to a Pentium 133 with 5GB harddisks, 8x8
CD-ROMS with PCBoard 15.x software! The tiny little PC area we had before
got it's own conference and we started supporting PC for real! It all went
very good, Heavens Trash was soon one of the hottest PC boards in the
areacode, the BBS was to become BUSY all days making it impossible to get
in! More nodes was being considered, and so was ISDN. I was about to call
Telia the other day to order a second phoneline to start with, but then got
my eyes on ISDN and decided to wait. I'm glad I did this today, I was a bit
blinded and it took me some time to realize that the end of PC elite boards
is not far away unless you have a real fast internet connection!

     After a few months of gigabytes of PC software I got tired of it, my
first thought was that supporting PC should keep the Atari conference alive
as well, and I think many ex-atarians who have bought a PC have been very
thankful for the PC conference. The move to PCBoard was great though, it
opened new challenges and possibilities for me as sysop, I could program
the system the way I wanted and I could offer telnet and also ftp
capabilities and so on! Unfortunately some people didn't really seem
interested in learning how to use PCBoard at all, and just complained, it's
not easy to use a system when not even trying or wanting to learn! oh
well... it was their choice!

     The time has come though as said, to close down Heavens Trash! It was
not an easy decision for me as I love BBS'es, I have had a great time
during these years, and I will miss everybody who have stayed with us! The
time is however running away from us, maybe one day Heavens Trash will be
back in some relation to internet, as telnet board or ftp site, who knows!
The official date for closedown is December 31, 1997 so everyone will
understand what's happening.

     Just to make some things clear as I have already got questions about
it, this does NOT mean that either me or Vectronix is quitting! It only
means Heavens Trash is going down, we will still be around on the internet
as usual, and this is where we're hoping to meet you as well! Stay with us!

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[2] DUSTING OFF THE OLDIES by Vogue [jon@fatal-design.com]

     One of the great things about emulation is that we can look back at
some of the vast amounts of wares that we've said goodbye to in the name of
'progress' (with assistance from Micro$oft ;)). Unfortunately, many
creations may well have been lost for good or are stuck in someone's attic.

     But, when you fire up your copy of PaCifiST (or whatever you use) and
see that old friend GEM on the screen, you realise that you really need to
get hold of some of the "relics" that you enjoyed on the ST, rather than
just toying with your desktop.inf file. All those memories of copy parties,
all-night coding and admiring other peoples' mind bending effects come
flooding back!

     Well, where can all of the demos, games and menu discs etc. of
yesteryear be found? Take a look at these for starters...

- ST Relics
  http://www.fatal.net/strelics/

- ftp.uni-kl.de Demos Section
  ftp://ftp.uni-kl.de/pub/atari/gfx_demos/

- Little Green Desktop
  http://lgd.fatal-design.com/

     Also, you can join the PaCifiST mailing list, which is full of
discussion about all things ST-emulation related! Send a blank message to
pacifist-list-request@fatal-design.com with "subscribe" in the subject
line.

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[3] NEW RELEASES FROM EFFECT by Tronic [johncove@geocities.com]

     Well, I think the scene needs a reason for the complete and totally
complete demise of the Atari scene group Effect!! Well, we are returning
with two new disks, or at least I am! I will be releasing Industrially Safe
Demo Disk 31 and 35. They will be available on my web site,
http://www.weeshy.demon.co.uk

     The reason for the demise of Effect is due to a big heap of expensive
shite commonly known as a PeeCee! I have bought one and I spend a lot of
time playing games and coding, but the coding is not scene orientated.

     Other members are pretty much waiting for us coding to full our
fingers out.... I am, and have loads of new graphics and music to use.

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[4] CHANGES/CORRECTIONS/UPDATES by Phoenix [phoenix@weirdness.com]

     Because of new mail client software the quite popular get-old-issues
function needed a slightly modification. The correct way to recieve old
issues is now to send an email to vexnews@mindless.com with the subject
"get vexnews #xx" where xx = 01 to current issue. It's important that the
first nine issues are preceeding with a 0, please remember this....

     As Marcer/Elite obviously thought he was funny by starting a rumour
about Faramir joining Vectronix we just want to deny this. Marcer probably
never intended it to spread like it did, but as we're sick and tired of
missunderstandings and stupid questions we want to make sure nobody gets
this wrong. Faramir did not join Vectronix, and we don't understand why
Marcer thought it would be so funny in the first place.

     Below is current memberlist of Vectronix which recenly was updated
because of various reasons. People not mentioned below is not members of
Vectronix, and believe me, when/if this is a subject to change, here is
where you'll read about it first!

Dumpfbacke, Hardball, Jabba, Lon$dale, Metallinos, Moonfall, Phoenix,
Ryder, Senser, Slippy.

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[5] WINSTON IS RELEASED! by Paul Bates [winston_emu@compuserve.com]

     Welcome to WinSTon a new Atari ST emulator for your PC. So how is
WinSTon different to other emulators? Well, WinSTon runs under the Windows
environment which means it will run on Windows 95/NT and even Windows 98!

     This is the first public release of WinSTon, and as can guess from the
version number(0.0005), there is still a long way to go before the
emulation can be considered to be complete.

     So why write another ST emulator? Pacifist is one of the best
emulators for any machine, anywhere. 'Nuff said. Problem is, it cannot run
Paradroid 90 - one of my all time fave' games! So I got thinking, just how
difficult would it be to write my own emulator? WinSTon started off as a
simple disassembler and sort of progressed into a full emulation. I don't
intend to compete with Pacifist or any other emulator, just to take
advantage of the Windows environment with its' support and networking to
offer an alternative.

http://winston.fatal-design.com/

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[6] "WOULD YOU BE RECKLESS" - a poem by Faramir [eoqum.qatalis@genesis.be]

     where is hope?
     war is nearly over
     and the plague is everywhere.

     you could not escape the curse of microsoft
     would you be reckless,
     listen to the voice of reason!

     microsoft's weapon is bill gates's unique thought,
     people live with it and call bill their friend.

     my atari flies high above the cursed crowd,
     and the blue azur of my desktop
     shows infinity in the universe.

     my atari thinks,
     "i feel pretty lonely,
      for a lot of my fellows
      died in attics, trashes,
      shortcuts, cupboards,
      and have been replaced
      by the madness of an evil man
      whose poor mind was poor enough
      to entrap enough gullible fools
      behind him to overcome balance
      rts"

     the doomed abundance
     enslaves masses of fools
     who praise the rule of the useless
     and abandon of multiplicity.

     you couldn't escape it
     would you lower your guard.

     for whom opens his eyes,
     it is not too late:
     resistants have yet disappeared not,
     and ask nothing but to be used,
     and multiplied.

     victory needs you!

     join the resistance
     and shoot at the huge beast
     with a heavy gun.

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[7] HOW TO SMOKE IN SWEDEN by Phoenix [phoenix@weirdness.com]

     Nobody who lives in Sweden can have avoided the dramatical price
raises of cigarettes during the last years. In just a few years we have
seen a price raise with over 100% and this is simply not acceptable for a
poor little smoker like me. Lucky for us all though, there was not only
drawbacks with the european union, today it's for example fully legal to
import cigarettes on your own from other countries, and this is what people
do, and saves big bucks!

     What's even better though is that alot of people have realized the
need for cheap cigarettes is enourmous, they take care of the import and
sell it for what's still very fair prices, and you don't have to worry
about anything! You still save up to 50% to normal prices!

     The swedish government currently wants a law change to prevent this
tax free importing, but it will take time for them to get something done as
usual, as they're just sitting on their fat asses doing nothing all days.
In the meanwhile, we will enjoy these benefits they have given us...

http://www.blends.com/
http://home.onestop.net/cigexpress/
http://www.geocities.com/Eureka/Plaza/9765/index.html
http://www.algonet.se/~dealmake/
http://members.tripod.com/~billigacigaretter/

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[8] TELIA DELIVERS TOP DOMAINS by Susan Falck [susan.falck@idg.se]

     This spring there will be seven additonal top domains besides com,
net, org, edu and gov which exists today. As this becomes reality more
companies will also be able to accept registrations. One of them is the
swedish telephone company, Telia.

     The seven new top domains is firm for companys, store for selling
companies, web for www-related units, arts for culture and entertainment,
rec for sparetime and entertainment, info for information services and nom
for personal homepages.

     To register a name under these domains and the five old ones one can
from this spring turn to Telia who have been selected as registrator of The
Generic Top Level Domain Memorandum of Understanding.

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

Publication of contents

Other non-profit magazines and/or organisations are free to use, quote, or
copy parts of the contents of the news letters as long as the mailing list
is not mentioned anywhere and the material is not used against Vectronix in
any way what so ever. Source may be refered to as "Vectronix", but not the
list. We also ask you to inform/contact us if you're planning to use the
information somewhere, this only for the purpose of our information.


---------------------------------------------------------------------------
            The Vectronix News Mailing List (c) 1997 Vectronix,
                           All Rights Reserved.
