T.W.A.T.S.
~SECOND.FIL~
=============================        'A loud voice doesn't mean you're right'
THE WORLD ACCORDING TO SLIMER
=============================
       by Theo

TODAY'S TOPIC : The future of home computing

The home computer as we know it today will disappear in the near future.
Interactive television based systems will take over the world. These interac-
tive T.V. systems are hooked to a wide network of other systems by fiber
optics. There's no keyboard input necessary anymore to command the system, it
can be operated by voice control. You can gain access to certain areas on
the system by paying a small fee. These areas may include huge movie, music,
information and other libraries. Sounds very interesting doesn't it, but is
it really !?

The computer revolution will also bring other things with it. How about ID
cards containing all your information. A personal card with your medical,
financial, police-record and other data. Imagine the police will arrest you,
they slide the card in their computer system and voila. Your personal data
including police-record appears on their screen. They can't access the other
areas, but only their own though. 

If you think this is all exaggerated then think again. Most of us already use
PIN code cards to obtain money from a machine. We can go shopping and get a
discount by using a special card. You get such a card when you bought
something from that shop. This way the shopowner can store your address in
his database and send you specific information about products. He also can
see if your a regular customer and so on. In the Netherlands you can put a
sticker on your mailbox stating that you don't want to receive unaddressed
advertisement. The shopkeeper with your address in his database can go around
that, by send you advertisement *with* your address instead ! Smart move ...

These are the first steps towards a mega ID Card with all your personal
information on one single card. You could say there are advantages to it but
on the other hand ...  

Coming back to those interactive T.V. devices, this is also much closer than
you might think. We have Teletext and we already are hooked to a giant
network of cables. All cabelcompanies are already busy replacing all of the
old coaxial cables for fiber optics. We already have a huge computer network
called Internet available and it's just a matter of time for the cable system
gets linked with the Internet. Experiments with interactive Teletext projects
are already done in several countries including the Netherlands. Computersy-
stems become more and more powerful and get cheaper, so the future isn't
that far away.

Now a word from our sponsors,
---
Commercial break, 

Buy always Always, always Always and you will always be save.
---

Intels Pentium processor is already outdated after a short career of one or
two years. New P5 and P6 CPUs are already unleashed on the market. They
are already working on the next generation chips as we speak. I think that
the way that a computer operates also will change considerably. More advanced
systems based on the working of the human-brain will see the light. Sounds
very futuristic, if it wasn't for the scientists already working on them. 

Poor people in for instance third world countries can not afford such systems
and will be left out. We must not forget that even in our own countries there
will be people missing the boot. It's apparent that you have to keep up with
technology in order to survive. Our society will become more depended on
information systems. Where does this hunger for information come from ? Well
it basically has to do with our education. People have become more intelli-
gent over the years because of good education. They get data to think about
and form their own opinions about religion, the universe etc. You see a
decline in religion, especially in countries with high education. You see a
growth in religion in (the Mid-East)lesser developed countries. Many people in
our countries have their own opinions about religion, universe etc. They form
their opinions by for instance collecting information. People believing in
reincarnation and life after dead tell us that we are on this earth for two
reasons, to obtain knowledge and love fellow beings ! No, this is not the
love that you dirty minds out there think of !

You see our information hunger grows because mankind is curious and gets more
curious with every new answer. New answers have the bad habit to bring us
even more questions, especially those questions of a spiritual or universal
nature. Information systems will help us solve many questions but also raise
many new ones. 

A NEW ERA WILL DAWN

Our world will slowly change, local governments slowly disappear. The
European Union is first step to new order, a world order ! The E.U. will gain
more and more control and power over all European countries. This wasn't all
possible without the help of modern communication systems and computers ! The
unemployment will increase rapidly thanks to automated machines and
computer systems. The industrial era is over ! Governments are trying to
create jobs for all the unemployed, but no avail ! Logical, people who are
replaced by automated systems can't get their jobs back. Many companies make
big profits but still fire personal and replace them by computers. Companies
want to work efficient with as less people as they can. They have to do this
because the competition does the same thing ! Even if jobs will be created
more than half of the unemployed never will get a job anyway !

It's all very logical, I wonder why the politicians bother with the creation
of new jobs anyway (It's had no success). It will get better in the future as
we solve those big problems with the pollution, crime, disease, energy,
hunger etc. Technology will help us do this, but till then ...

All the above ideas/opinions are formed by taking data from newspapers, T.V.
computers and trough education. Because these topics have my strong interest,
I collected information about them and formed my own opinion !

Till next time ...

Slimer (Theo)
~YELLOW.PAL~
