
 *** IMPORTANT! ***

 This is the 12:th issue of the Vectronix Newsletter, covering mainly
 atari/underground scene news, information and announcements of Vectronix!
 If you got this by mistake, we apologize for this and just ask that you
 send us a mail telling us, so we can get you off the list!

 The reason you might have gotten into this mailinglist by mistake is that
 the list by accident was mixed with my personal adressbook, I have tried
 to sort it out, but this is easier said than done! We're terribly sorry!

 /Phoenix of Vectronix [phoenix@weirdness.com]

          ______
  _____  /   __/___  ______  ____    ______  ______  ______  ______  /\
  \_   \/   /  __  \/     _\/   /___/      \/      \/      \/\  /  \/  \
   /   /   /   ____/   /__\    ____/   /___/   /   /   /   /  \/   /   /
 _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/  _/   x   /_
 \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   \   /     /
  \___  / \___  / \___  / \___  / \_/.sNs.\___  / \_/\  / \_/ \_/\__  /
      \/      \/      \/      \/              \/      \/            \/

          The VEctroniX NEWSletter Issue #12 [November 30, 1997]

      Contact VEXNEWS for submissions, un/subscription, information
             or whatever reason at all: vexnews@mindless.com

  To get previous issues send an email with the subject "get vexnews #xx"

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

                         my motivations unresolved
                   things are just never what they seem
                        apathy's currencies deceit
                       pitch bending radiated dreams

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

     This issue is a bit special in many ways, I think all issues is
really, but it's a good start to say like that! We have alot of guest
writers this time which is really good, it means I don't have to write so
much myself and we get a better perspective of news. Keep it up, keep the
submissions coming!

     As alot of people have been a bit wondering about what the "Pacifist
people" is up to we hereby give you two great stories, one by Muk U.K and
the other by Leonard/Oxygene, familiar names to anyone perhaps? ehhh...
yeah, I thought so! Then we have sad atari reports, happy amiga reports and
well, a little of both this and that... read on!

/Phoenix

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

  [ Contents of VexNews Issue #12 ]

  1. Vectronix site under re-construction
  2. New Vectronix releases
  3. Life isn't easy in Germany
  4. Amiga scene look and news report
  5. Regression Theraphy
  6. Atari-ST Megademo project!
  7. A green man's experiences with CD-R
  8. ICQ on the Atari!?
  9. Oregon Research leaves Atari
 10. Around the corner

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[1] VECTRONIX SITE UNDER RE-CONSTRUCTION by Phoenix [phoenix@weirdness.com]

     As many of you already have noticed both the FTP and WWW site have not
been reachable for a few days, this because of some problems, and it's
currently changing location and eventually also changing to a real Unix
server instead of the shitty Windows NT box it's been running on until now.

     Everything will be to the better once it's finished, we just ask for
some patience! Eventual mirrors of the site have also been considered,
nothing is decided or ready yet though! More information will follow as
soon as possible!

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[2] NEW VECTRONIX RELEASES by Phoenix [phoenix@weirdness.com]

VEXMGPC1.ZIP  1454549  MagiC-PC v1.2 German (c) A.S.H Software [X/2]
VEXMGPC2.ZIP   452321  MagiC-PC v1.2 German (c) A.S.H Software [X/2]
VEXSTC22.LZH   956405  STarCall v2.2b German (c) INLI Software [1/1]

     MagiC-PC from Application System Heidelberg is the PC version of their
very popular multitasking environment for Atari, in other words it allows
you to run Atari programs on your PC! MagiC-PC is not for the gameplayer or
demo freak, but mainly intended for more serious applications like desktop
publishing or word processing.

     STarCall is a very powerfull terminal program featuring fax, voice and
mailox modules, with other words most things you would ever need for
successfull communication. STarCall runs under ST,TT,Falcon,MagiC-PC/MAC.

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[3] LIFE ISN'T EASY IN GERMANY by Moondog [undercover_mag@usa.net]

     I think it's time to tell the world what's going in Germany today.
There is no right demo-scene anymore in our country. We had ruled the scene
for many years, but these times are over and will never come back.

     The breakdown of the demo-scene came very fast. Two years ago no one
had thought that we can fall as deep as now. Only a handful of activists
are left. Ok, some glory names are still around, but mostly it is only hot
air. And also the surviving and active teams have problems and believe me,
I don't think that the german demo-scene will survive the next year.

     The INDEPENDENT, they have ruled not only the german scene for years,
is really dead. And besides of this alliance there were only a few really
independent guys. The most of them were gone. And so without the INDY there
is nearly no scene-life here in Germany. I will give you right now an
overview about the current situation...

ABSENCE / INDEPENDENT ........ ex-Falcon-coding team, now on PC, FORGET IT!
                               We will never see some stuff from them on
                               any ATARI-machine again....
ANIMAL MINE / INDEPENDENT .... THE compact-makers in the past. Today not
                               even a shadow of the old glory is left. It's
                               needless to say that with one SID-compile
                               per year this band is demolating his good
                               reputation... FORGET IT!
AURA / INDEPENDENT............ BDC told me that his only activities are on
                               ST SOUNDPAGE at the Inet. AEON is also busy
                               with some homepage-stuff. There will NO demo
                               come anymore from them... FORGET IT!
AVENA ........................ Without TAT from UK and A.-t- of CREAM there
                               would be nothing! The rest is on PC and so
                               you can FORGET THEM!
CHECKPOINT ................... Their coder is skilled, no question, but he
                               has stopped to do anything and without an
                               active coder you can FORGET IT!
CREAM ........................ I got the info that CREAM are working on a
                               new demo for ST! It will be released in
                               spring next year!
CRUOR ........................ Except their Falcon-shooter there is nothing
                               in work, no demos... FORGET IT...
ESCAPE ....................... One of the last promising teams on Falcon.
                               There is also new demo-stuff in the pipeline
                               besides some other stuff.
INTER / INDEPENDENT .......... Still one big demo unreleased (INTERVIEW)...
                               And I don't think that we will see it, becoz
                               the band is on PC now. FORGET IT!
STAX ......................... The last compact-makers are still here, but
                               they slowed down their activities.
THERAPY ...................... Besides ESCAPE the team with the most power
                               in Germany. Still three active coders, but
                               unfortunately they're working on their SMURF
                               instead of demos. But not hopeless...
tnb. ......................... My ex-band. Don't know what's going on, I
                               had no right contact to the last survivors
                               of this band anymore. Still some stuff in
                               preperation, but if DRIZZT doesn't move his
                               ass we will never see it!
tSCc. ........................ THE HYPE and perhaps the most known band
                               from Germany today. Unfortunately they're
                               suffering under the inactivity of SCY and
                               DYNA and the de-motivation of MOD. But there
                               is still some stuff in the pipeline!

     As you can see we're shrinked like mad! Some of you will say that they
have seen JACKY / ACF or DARYL of TEX on a party, why not count them, or
so... ALL those bands like RISK, RESPECTABLES, TEX, LIGHT, DETONATORS, NEW
TREND and NEW POWER GENERATION and and and.... are as dead as the death
itself! You can FORGET THEM ALL! We don't need guys running around on the
several parties, speaking bullshit instead of sitting down and code
something! We need active people and no "Labertaschen". Now a few words in
german, becoz I think the one or other isn't satisfied with my words
above...

> So, mag sein, dass ich dem einen oder anderen auf den Schlips trete, aber
> das ist mir egal. Ich kann nicht entscheiden, wer nun hier zur "Szene"
> geh”rt und wer nicht. Ich kann nur soviel sagen: ihr, die ganzen Laber-
> s„cke da draussen, die auf Parties und Messen rumeiern und von alten Zei-
> ten tr„umen, habt mit den paar AKTIVEN Leuten, die meines Erachtens die
> "Szene" ausmachen, soviel gemein wie ein Propeller mit 'nem Haufen Mist.
> Von irgendwelchem rissigen Geschwelge in l„ngst vergangenen Zeiten hat
> keiner was, am wenigsten die vielbesungene "Szene" zu der ihr geh”ren
> wollt! Aber scheinbar haben wir zu verschiedene Ansichten, als das wir
> uns gegenseitig und der Scene in irgendeiner Form helfen k”nnten...

     Back to english... For me the german scene is dead. We have about 20
active people here and as you have seen at the INTERJAM'97 the final fall
isn't far away. I hope that you don't forget the lonely survivors in the
land of the sauerkraut. I think you can understand how hard it is to
release the UCM in a land fullfilled with apathetic peoples. But we, the
POETS OF DECAY will go on with the release of the UCM, because it could be
the only sign of life from Germany in the future! Erm...

.. commercial break ...

     We want to know something about YOUR activities in the ATARI-scene!
Just get in touch with us! My current Email-add: ucm_hq@hotmail.com But it
will change soon! If you get my new add, please use this one, even if I
will not delete the old add. If you don't have any possibility to get in
touch via Email just try to find out my snail-mail-add. You will find it in
every issue of the UCM and perhaps some old .tnb.productions... We need
your info to make the UCM to THE magascene on ATARI and your info can
motivate others to go on! Hold up your flagg and show it via the UCM!
UCM - the lifesupport machine for the children of the last generation...

.. commercial end ...

     Ok, I have to go now and hope that the one or other doesn't laugh
about my words, it's too sad to make jokes about it! The scene is a part of
our life and has brought a load of funny and  cool hours for us. We should
not smash this part of us into the trashcan because of lazyness and so one.
Some of you talking about scene and friendship and so I ask you: if all
those ppl around are your friends and you're sitting back, watching  their
suffer without help them, are they really your friends?!

     Friendship means for me to be  there for my friends, to help them, and
this up to the last consequence...

                             think about it, Moondog / poets of decay 11/97

     last message: if you want to know  something about the scene in the
others countries just read the UCM, you don't have another joice!

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[4] AMIGA SCENE LOOK AND NEWS REPORT by sLAPSHOt [slap.slt@usa.net]

     First I wanna tell you that this is my very first article for any
"public" mag I write and my English is not well too as you can see!
Anyway... I just want to give you here some small Amiga warez and demo
scene overlook (whats left of the great Amiga scene and what not) and a
report from the Amiga Show "Computer'97" which was held on 14.-16.11. in
Cologne/Germany.

     First we come to a small Amiga warez scene overview... Some years ago
groups like Trsi, Classic, Paradox or Skid Rows ruled the Amiga warez
scene, but most of the old dudes has gone, only some are left as i.e. Trsi
and Delirium. There are mostly new crews with new and also senior guys.
Some time ago, lets say some years ago, every day there came majors for
Amiga! Yes, everyday there were major releases... lotsa games and tools.
Major games and tools, no public domain stuff! And you found boards for
Amiga everywhere on the globe! The Amiga scene was much bigger than the PC
pirate scene! PC pirates were just kids against the Amiga freaks! But these
glory days are over... they've just gone, like on Atari and C64 too.

     Nowadays there'e new groups like Hellfire or Lightforce with just a
few of the old scene members. Anyway, there're much groups existing for the
Amiga, although most don't release only qualitiy stuff, many lamers around,
many fakers! But as I already told you there are much high qual releases
too! Generally the same counts for the Amiga demo scene which is infact not
that glory as it was years ago with all the great groups like Scoopex,
Kefrens, Silents and all the others, but like in warez there're much new
high quality groups called Artwork, Black Lotus or Jormas.

     The scene is changing... both scenes, the warez and the demo scene!
Friendship once was not only a word, the scene was build of friendship!
These days most don't care about friendship, they only care about biz! Much
group wars, much fakes go around. This may sound a bit hard or unglory to
you, but if you take a look to the all so famous (hahaha) PC scene you
would see that the PC scene is much more extreme as the Amiga scene is.
ANYWAY, the Amiga was and IS the best and ultimate computer scene for me
and for many others!

     There'e are still few very nice releases and the Amiga International
company will release a new OS soon. There're also new CPU Turbo cards for
all kind of Amiga computers and the PPC from Motorolla is coming up to
bring the Amiga new glory and more speed as anybody of you can imagine! :-P
Amiga Internation also gave the license to some other companies to build
and develop Amiga clones and new Amiga hardware using Amiga custom chips
and Amiga copyrighted software. The first Amiga PPC software is on it's way
and a new OperatingSystem (called p.OS = power.OS is released, much better
than old Workbench or new Senseless95 from Microshit!)

     Btw, I totally forgot to tell you about Amiga parties. Surely there're
still many Amiga parties i.e. The Party, The Assembly or Symposium.. also
many smaller Amiga parties all over the world.. the next bigger party is
The Party in late december in dk! Many people will come, the organizers
hope for over 1500 Amiga users and nearly 2000 PC lamerz... great demos
will be released as every year! See you there.. =)

     The best sign that Amiga lives was some days ago... the Amiga Show in
Cologne/Germany called "Computer'97". This show was a big success for
Amiga. Much new profsional software was introduced (such as a new 3D
raytracing program with OpenGL support, 68060 and PPC optimized version and
much much more..) also new games such as a DukeNuke'em convertion to Amiga
and AmiQuake. More games will follow, now and very soon! Amiga
International and 2 other companies introduced their new Amiga Models and
clones, other companies introduced impressive Amiga hardware i.e. a very
fast 3D gfx-card and other stuff like a new sound/midi card. As you can see
Amiga is back, better than we all thought. Me for example never thought
that Amiga will comeback like this way, but it happen... nice and I hope it
will come to the big public.

     Well, I hope you got a small view into Amiga live as it happens today,
if you want more infos don't hestitate to email me or just call my board
The Junction which supports *latest* Amiga and Atari warez^demos.

PS: Sorry my bad English grammer. ;(

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[5] REGRESSION THERAPY by Mug U.K [mug_uk@mindless.com]

Regression Therapy .... Who are we? What are we doing?
....................... And more importantly, why are we bothering?

1. Who are we?
--------------

     Regression Therapy contains (for the moment) an old GFA-Basic coder
who used to dabble in packing, linking and training Atari games. You may
remember some of my fun utils of the ST era. The ones I am most known for
are Multi Depacker and Super/Professional Virus Killer. Now do you
remember?

     It's me, MUG U.K(tm)! There are no other members at the moment, but
there's lots of interest on the Pacifist newsgroup, but at the moment
everyone else is either too busy or too lazy :) I am not having a go at
anyone at all :)

2. What are we doing?
---------------------

     So far I've unpacked and repacked (and added trainers/link-file
loaders where possible) to as many of the old LSD hacks that were on the
first compilation disks. I will be the first to admit that some of the
titles are pure garbage, but LSD released them (as disk fillers) and so
shall I!

     I've got a few CDs coming soon full of the older hacks and cracks
which will need sorting out and there are a few of the games in their
original unpacked (but cracked) format which would allow me to work out why
making a trainer for them is a bitch! They are mostly the Atari/Williams
arcade conversions that were done by Andromeda Software (way back in
1986/87!) and I hate to be beaten:)

     Other problems that I am battling with are the GEMDOS bugs in Pacifist
at the moment. My link-filer works fine on TOSBox, but the link-files are
designed for use with Pacifist and they will only work from disk images at
the moment.

     The main stuff I am doing is similar to what the Conceptors did
(according to Grazey/PHF). They re-released older titles in
link-filed/trained/packed versions compared to the original cracks that
were done by the likes of BOSS/CSS/TBR/STCS (remember those groups ?). If
anyone has got any Conceptors menus, please get in touch. No point re-doing
someone elses' re-releases.

     We are not aiming for any form of Falcon compatibility as there (to my
mind) no point. I do not have the machine and have no use for one. Maybe my
Atari heart is not all there and is some vision of Bill Gates in a devil
mask (for some Atarians, that's what owning a PC is like :) !)

     The whole point of this exercise is to get the older games working
under Pacifist. Very few of them used DMA loaders (phew .... one area of my
knowledge that is very empty!) but if someone fancies teaching me how to do
a DMA loader ..... ?

3. Why are we bothering?
------------------------

     Pacifist ... that's all the reason I need give.  When I left my Atari
behind (back in 94) there was little else left for the scene to do. Push
the STE that bit further or migrate to the Falcon. The second option I had
no intention of doing ... like it or not, the PC allows you access into job
whereas the Falcon limits you to the music industry and sweet F.A. else! My
current job involves working on a PC Helpdesk answering tons of questions
from beginners through to Einsteins (or so they think!). If I hadn't left
the Atari scene when I did, I doubt I would be in this job.

     Pacifist allows me to remember the fun days (before I really had to
earn a crust) when the disks of bootsectors for my Virus Killer came
through the door, along with disks full of packers and the appropriate
source code as that packer wasn't detected via Multi Depacker. In the midst
of all this, I was a member of a few small UK packing crews (The Source,
Special F/X, Adrenalin and a few "guest appearences" on other groups
disks). I learnt the basics of 68000 and used this knowledge to hack the
odd piece of music from the games, depack the odd file and train/pack games
and demos for the various groups I was in.

     What else needs to be said about the emulator? It allows lots of
ex-Atarians to remember the good old days. Same as any of the other
(decent) emulators out there. I use them all for this reason (C64,
Spectrum, Arcade emulators and console emulators). Some of the
computers/consoles I've never used, but I enjoy them all.

     Who said the 80's was dead? If the fashion industry can tell us that
naff clothes I *had* to wear when I was growing up are in vogue, then why
not allow emulator authors/supporters to dip their fingers in the past as
well? After all, it was only 15 years ago, a small black box with multiple
coloured stripes down the bottom right hand side was released to an
expectant public!

4. Where are we?
----------------

Webpage is at:
website.lineone.net/~mikemee

or if you can lend a hand, contact me:
mikemee@lineone.net or mug_uk@mindless.com

     I am especially after someone who doesn't mind having a peek around
the link-file source and adding a RAMdisk option to it. I have the source
from an old Orion link-filer to do a RAMdisk option, but my coding skills
are not up to the task (remember I prefer GFA BASIC !).

     Also someone with some knowledge of hacking DMA loaders? I would like
to learn this art, and I understand the basics, but need to know if it is
possible (or just stupidity) to convert a DMA loader back to FREAD to
enable my link-filer to work (or is this a waste of time ?).

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[6] ATARI-ST MEGADEMO PROJECT! by Leonard [leonard@mygale.org}

     I (Leonard/OXYGENE) had some times left last month. Then it comes up a
strange idea !! Since I stop the ATARI ST, I worked on many things. (Games,
StSound and 68000 coding for fun !). Then I realize I had now some ATARI
screens, so the idea came: "Why not create another ATARI Megademo ??!!".

     The Demo I want to do is an "old but good" style megademo, in the
tradition of the best and famous ATARI demos. (I mean Union or Cuddly demos
!). That is, the demo will contain a MainMenu, and all screens must be very
impressive (I mean not a shitty "design" screen, wich takes 2 minutes to
display a logo !). The Demo will be release in a very strange way:

     I want to do a "Never Finished" demo, where many people can put their
screens in it ! That is, the demo will never has a definitive version !
When somebody wants to add a screen in it, he just contact me. I'll look at
every proposition. My ambition is to contact and ask screen every great old
ATARI crew as TEX, The Carebears, The Lost Boys etc...

     Maybe the first version will contain only 3 or 4 screens, and then,
just imagine Nick of the Carebears sending me a TCB screen !! Whoh, what a
great idea !

     I Need Help! I want to know how many people codes 68000 today on ATARI
ST. So, if you are interested by the project, contact me (
leonard@mygale.org ) I'll can send you preview. For the moment I need help
on these subjects:

     Give me all suggestions about the Demo Name (remember the fact it must
be a "traditional" demo as the best one, and it's never finished ! Send me
your unreleased screens you have on your harddrive ! Give me any comments
and suggestions about anything !

     Today I have already coded some stuff for the demo. I can only told
you some things about the mainmenu. It's a multi-directionnal 4 pixels
scroller in fullscreen. (as the great cuddly demos). The sprite of you
little guy (just call him "charly", ha ha) is 64*80 pixels high.

     Ok that's all. Remember this can be the biggest ST project never
acheived ! I really hope all ST great people will contact me fast !!

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[7] A GREEN MAN'S EXPERIENCES WITH CD-R by Green Tommy [greeny@cenacle.se]

     During the last months, I've had the joy of owning a CD-recorder. Or
maybe joy is a too strong a word. With a recorder, also comes all friends,
that's constantly nagging you about using it, I used to be one of those,
and it's not until now I've realised what a pain in the *ss I've been...
hehe, but to my defence I'd like to say that we were a couple of guys who
bought the CDR together, and it just so happened that one poor sod got to
have it at home. :)

     But it does have a positive effect aswell, with the friends, also
comes CDRs they want copied, which also helps expanding your
softwarelibrary. Backups have become an easy task, and with the price of
CDRs constantly falling, who cares if a CDR is useless in 2 or 3 months?

     Anyway, that was not what Metallinos has been nagging me for. He
wanted a report/review/compilation of my experiences to share with all of
you VexNews Readers out there. But don't worry, despite forcing me to do
this, I have a gruesome revenge awaiting him....   ;-)

     Finally, we come to the point: My first CD-recorder was the HP4020i.
Writing at a slow 2x you'd think almost any computer could keep up with it,
and it did. Unfortunately, the software that came with it wasn't what you'd
hope for. HP has this deranged illusion that everything they do, is good.
When it comes to printers, that may very well be the case, but not CDRs.
They feel so secure that their stuff is good, that they refuse to offer
support if you use your HP4020i together with other hardware and other
software than the one they have supplied.

     The hardware might be okay, but the soft was not good. It was easy to
use, no problems there, worked? Yes, on about every second record. The
problem was that it "lost" subdirectorys. And if you wanted to make a clean
CDimage copy, it was not possible, no such function. (actually they had
another program for that, but frankly, I didn't feel like giving HP another
chance to fuck up my recordings.) By this time, I got my new 200MHz K6 and
continued my efforts with win95 instead of 3.11.

     Out went HPs own proggys, in went, tadaa: Gear for win95 by
Elektroson! This was better! Much better. Now the CDR actually worked as
advertised. But not Gear... Damn! I was furious when I found my computer
hanged on several occassions during writing of a record. Turned out that
Gear is highly unstable, and a restart of the computer is necessary
EVERYTIME you want to write a new CDR. First time, it works 99.9% of the
times. Second time about 50% of the times without hanging, third time
never. A pity on an otherwise good prog that's easy to use.

     It was by this time I bought me another CDRec. A Yamaha CDR-400.
6/4spin. Nothing much to say about it really, solid as a rock. Works
asadvertised etc. Although the software that came with it sucked.
(Win-On-CD) Didn't feel comfy with right away, so out it went!

     And my latest CDrec. Teac CDR50S or something like that. (4/4) I've
had it for a few now, and it seems to be working flawlessly aswell. I've
also stopped using Gear. Although I don't really do much CD-recording, it
does irritate you a lot when you have to reset the 'puter between the
"takes". Now I'm using Adaptec Easy-CD Pro 95. First time I used it, I
succesfully burned a backup as a "music-CD". What?!? I thought. Well, it
just so turns out, that the default settings for a DATA-CD makes it look
like a music CD. Amasing! Whoever decided upon the default setting must
have had quite a few puffs on the haschisch that day to vote for that kind
ofmusic! Anyway, once I sorted THAT out, it turned out that it works as
solid as a rock. doesn't hang, forget about subdirectorys or any other of a
number of bad things.

Conclusion:
-----------

     Actually, I have yet to discover a CDRecorder that is truly bad. All
of my recorders have been working flawlessly in the end. So I can't really
give you any good advice on recorders.Get it cheap, get it the speed you
need. The same seems to be the case with CDR-media. I have yet to find a
badbrand. All that I've tried has worked well for *my* purposes. So I have
let the price decide which one to buy.

     For Metallinos that likes statistics, here's a few on CDR's that I'm
currently using, all values extracted with Easy CD Pro 2.0.039 or something
similar. Feel free to send me a newer version. :) Maybe I'll lose that
irritating default-settings...  ;-)

Delta, green freemb: 649.5, freesect: 332550. freemins: 73:54 min
This one was REAL cheap. it's not quite 74 min, but it seems to be
working flawlessly (at least for me)
Ricoh, gold freemb: 651.2, freesect: 333450. freemins: 74:06

     But these findings, that are valid for me, may not be for you. People
making CDRs in a much larger scale than I do, or ever will for that matter,
(they live on it) claims that the combination of CDRs and recorder is the
keything when making a CDR that will work on all CD-rom readers out there.
Apparently, older and cheaper readers are not capable of reading all brands
of CDRs, or all brands of recorders either forthat matter. But there's
supposedly combinations of media and brands that arefoolproof. HP-writer
and kodak gold CDR is one of them. If you know of more combinations that
you know works on all readers (mitsumi, esp. older ones are known to be
"picky" about what you put in them, same goes for Samsung), please write to
vexnews!

     Unfortunately, I can't say that the same troublefree operation exists
with CDR-software.There is clearly good and bad apples to be found here.
Below you see a small compilation of the programs I've tested, and their
pro's and con's.

Program: HPSS
    CDR: HP4020i
    Mfg: HPPro's: Ease of use
  Con's: "Forgets" subdirectorys, and with no pattern. Lottery!
         Several programs to do all the diff. ways of recording
 Rating: 1/10

Program: Win-On-CD
    CDR: Yamaha CDR-400mfg: CeQuadrat
  Pro's: Only got CD-imaging and record image to work
  Con's: Not a very easy program.
 Rating: ?/10 (not sure that I gave this prg a fair chance)

Program: Gear For Windows (v. 4.01)
    CDR: ?
    mfg: Elektroson
  Pro's: Easy to use.
  Con's: Unstable! Must be restarted after EACH recording!
 Rating: 4/10

Program: Adaptec easy-CD pro win95
    CDR: ?
    mfg: Adaptec
  Pro's: Rock solid! Although you should defrag everything that you are
         going to record on-the-fly it's usually not needed!
  Con's: Default option on dope? Watch it!
 Rating: 8/10

     You're still with me? Amazing! I thought you'd all fall asleep
afterthat. Feel free to feedback, or whatever people do nowadays! (I must
warn you, I'm not very interactive)  :)

     If you for some reason feel like learning more about CDR, check out
theFAQ! Text and HTML versions of this FAQ are available from:

ftp://rtfm.mit.edu/pub/usenet-by-group/comp.publish.cdrom.hardware/
http://www.cd-info.com/CDIC/Technology/CD-R/FAQ.html

     Although I must say that I don't agree with everything that is said in
it about the quality of different hardware, and it definately lacks good
reviews on the software available, it is a good place to learn more about
the workings of a CDR...

     And if I still got your attention, is there anybody who knows where I
can get an ethernet card for my F030?

// Green Tommy

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[8] ICQ ON THE ATARI!? by Phoenix [phoenix@weirdness.com]

     We have written about ICQ in VexNews before, now Faltrion seems to be
interested in writing an atari version, if Mirabilis can just be persuaded
to let him do it! Therefore, they must know there is a interest for this,
please read the included mail and follow the instructions... Atari user,
ex-atari user or whatever, please help to bring this very cool utility to
the atari as well!

     ICQ 98a beta is now available for Windows 95/NT, this new version
features powerfull configuration and filterfunctions among many other new
things, you have problems with some users? Put them on invisible or ignore
list! Ahhhh... finally some peace around here... ;-)

http://www.bluedragon.net/icq98a.exe

--[ Cut ]--

Newsgroups: comp.sys.atari.st
Subject: ICQ on the Atari
Date: Tue, 25 Nov 1997 09:47:57 -0000

Hi All, If you would like to see ICQ on the Atari please email Mirabilis
etam@icq.com and tell them that you do :-) Also tell them that Christian
Andersson faltrion@alfaskop.net who has already contacted them, is willing
to write it for them for FREE :-)

ICQ is a PC based program for the Internet that allows you to be alerted
when other users, that you have previously set up in it, come on-line. It
then allows you to send them messages and chat in an IRC type style. It is
very useful, and it would be great if we could have an Atari version :-)

We have to get Mirabilis to agree, because of copywrite on the protocols.
SO MAIL THEM NOW!!!!

Mirabilis: etam@icq.com

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[9] OREGON RESEARCH LEAVES ATARI by Phoenix [phoenix@weirdness.com]

     There's not often there is any positive news to report these days, and
this is certainly no exception. Oregon Research who brought us the Diamond
programs is now leaving the Atari platform, and to be honest, who could be
shocked about this really? Not many software companies can make a living on
the Atari today, especially not the ones outside of Germany.

     Many are those who complain about Application System Heidelberg, but
soon they will be the only ones who are left! So wake up, and support them
if possible, or you'll soon get to witness the very end of the commercial
Atari market!

     ps. don't forget to supply what you buy to us, or you'll see the very
end of the Atari cracking scene as well... ;-)

--[ Cut ]--

From: orres@user1.teleport.com (Oregon Research)
Newsgroups: comp.sys.atari.st
Subject: Diamond Back/Diamond Edge Source Code Sale
Date: 26 Nov 1997 16:37:54 -0800

----- Diamond Back 3 & Diamond Edge 2 Source Code Sale  ------

After 10 years of developing and supporting the Atari platform with
the highest quality software and hardware available, we are forced to
permenantly close Atari operations.  This is done with a sad heart and
only because we can no longer make a living selling Atari software and
have been forced to take other jobs.

As part of the shut down we are liquidating our entire inventory of
Oregon Research and HiSoft software at cost.  We are also selling all of
our Atari harware to the highest bidder. This was posted seperately for
North American distribution only. In addition, we will be offering
for sale the source code to Diamond Back 3 and Diamond Edge 2.

Bids, orders, and inquries can be e-mailed to  atarisale@orres.com
or FAXed to (503) 624-2940

Source Code
-----------
The terms of sale are PrePaid Check.  All sales are final no returns or
refunds. No residual technical support is included as part of the source
code sale unless specifically negotiated seperately.

We are offering the complete source code to both Diamond Back 3 and
Diamond Edge 2 for sale.  Initially offers will be collected for an
exclusive sale to a single party.  If no satisfactory offer is received
for exclusive rights then the source code will be offered for sale on a
non-exclusive basis.

Offers may be made for either product individually or for both.  Preference
will be given to offers for both products.  Both products are written in a
combination of Lattice C 5.6 and Devpac 3, both of which will be provided
if required as part of the sale as well as the InterFace resource
construction program.

Bids, orders, and inquries can be e-mailed to  atarisale@orres.com
or FAXed to (503) 624-2940

Thank you,

Bob Luneski
Oregon Research

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[10] AROUND THE CORNER by Phoenix [phoenix@weirdness.com]

     Yesterday I got this message on the Leatherstrip mailinglist, posted
by nobody less than Claus Laursen himself, with the words to spread it
around. And when God demands, the people obeys! Although, I liked this poem
very much, and it got me to think for a second!

     Later this evening I was sitting on the bus on my way to a concert
(great concert btw!), then I saw an old familiar face from when I was just
a little kid. In front of me I remembered him crying, he was always lonely
and also had problems at home I think. Maybe it's wrong to say he was
victim of mobbing, but it wasn't far from it I think.

     I felt bad and thought how easy it would have been for me to just say
hello to this guy, and be nice and do things with him, but I didn't, like
everybody else I did nothing, and 15 years after I get a bad conscience? Or
maybe I was just feeling deeply sorry for him, picturing how it must have
been like, being all alone...

     I think the thing is that there's alot of people out there, being
lonely, not having any friends at all. Despite what all of you who reads
whis might think, there _is_ a real life out there, far from this scene
shit of thing we're living in, and in the end it means everything. So you
better take care of it, care for your friends and don't waste your or
anyone else life!

"Around The Corner" By Henson Towne

Around the corner I have a friend,
In this great city that has no end,
Yet the days go by and weeks rush on,
And before I know it, a year is gone.
And I never see my old friends face,
For life is a swift and terrible race,
He knows I like him just as well,
As in the days when I rang his bell.
And he rang mine
If, we were younger then,
And now we are busy, tired men.
Tired of playing a foolish game,
Tired of trying to make a name.
"Tomorrow" I say "I will call on Jim"
"Just to show that I'm thinking of him."
But tomorrow comes and tomorrow goes,
And distance between us grows and grows.
Around the corner! - yet miles away,
"Here's a telegram sir, Jim died today."
And that's what we get and deserve in the end.
Around the corner, a vanished friend.

Remember to always say what you mean. If you love someone, tell them. Don't
be afraid to express yourself. Reach out and tell someone what they mean to
you. Beause when you decide that it is the right time, it might be too
late.

Seize the day. Never have regrets. And most importantly, stay close to your
friends and family, for they have helped make you the person that you are
today.

Pass this along to your friends. It could make a difference. The difference
between doing all that you can or having regrets which may stay with you
forever.

This is a love chain letter. Within 5 days you must send it to 10 other
people. On the 5th day a person you like will ask you out, or tell you that
they love you. If you do not send it you will have problems in future
relationships. It has been going since 1877 and hasn't stopped since.

Eric Mancough send this letter out within 45 minutes of reading it. Not
even 4 hours later was he walking along the street when he ran into Ann
Heartearn, his secret love for 5 years. Ann came up to him and told him of
her passionate crush on him that she had had for 2 years. Ann and Eric are
still married with five children, happy as ever.

*note* The more people that you send this to, the better luck you will
have. "If life is a waste of time, and time is a waste of life, then let's
all get wasted together and have the time of our lives."

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

            The Vectronix News Mailing List (c) 1997 Vectronix,
                           All Rights Reserved.

