
{*f1MEMORIAL{*f0
ò------------------------------------ð ñby DUNEðò ----------------------------------ð

    óMachine :ð all STs 1Mb
    òCreditsð - code by Chuck + Terence
            - gfx by Mic
            - msx by Dma Sc/Sector One 
    
    Earlier this year DUNE released òPARADISEð a demo that  was long time finished 
but not released so far. DUNE strikes back with a contribution to the old school 
competition held at the LTP3 Party in France.

    Though the novelty is to see Dma Sc take part to a  DUNE production the rest 
of the demo is no real  surprise, it is a  typical  DUNE intro actually in other 
words a óperfect  combinationð of fx  and  great  gfx with one of the  best design 
quality ever reached on  ST ! Of course Dma Sc's music  also contributes to this 
high level.

     And you can see that right from the first screen  with its pale pink color, 
white font and orange rotating cube. All these elements mix in complete harmony. 
A white frame moves around and stretches before it changes to a black and white 
DUNE logo (already seen in Ding'o if I remember right). Next screen shows a big 
PRESENTS with  nice circles  effect (like ripples in  water). The memorial logo 
that follows up  is great, a pure  example of  Mic's talents ! It  looks like a 
stone table with carved faces. As always the colors are superb.

     The  next two  screens are  flanked  with  a  vertical  ornamental bar that
goes once to the left and the other time to the right (needless to add that this 
bar look damm great :). Two flat squares mix and  rotate while a dot shape fades 
in on top  of them, finally  taking the  shape of a spinning  top. Then they are 
replaced by two drunken cubes.

     Next screen is a 320 x 200 picture by Mic of high quality as usual. A small 
round picture  representing a cartoon-like elephant is set in  the center of the 
screen while a dot scroller spins around it, yep old school rules !

     That's already the end... the screen is now white though filled with a nice 
(scanned?) picture and a black (urgh) vertical scrolltext.

      òBottom Line :ð as I started with  saying you  cannot find  any trace of bad 
      ò-----------ð   taste in this  DUNE  production : nice colors, gfx and  even 
      transitions. The effects are nice though already seen. A very pleasant old 
ñ.....ð school demo to get !
ñ:
ñ:
ñ:..............................................................[ð StSñ ]...  .. .