
{*f1 ST COLLECTION 13 {*f0

Once again Typhoon strikes back with a superb ST compilation, again taking 
recent demos from the ST scene, we will see them shortly. First of all, we are 
pleased to see a superb logo "ST collection" before the appearance of the main 
menu. This logo was drawn by Kyst/Typhoon, as is the rest of the menu which is 
really sensational! Perhaps only one small regret, the lack of diversity of 
colour, but the ranges are so beautiful, you cannot say it's a big thing:)

And then music? The music sticks remarkably well with the decoration, soft and 
melodious, composed by MC Laser/TSSC . In other words, one can say that it does 
the job perfectly :) But all that would be nothing, without the code of The 
Beast, which provided this menu with a scroll full of text :)

    Let us see what is in the heart of this compilation :) Hehe, there are , in 
all, 7 demos which could be selected thanks to the keys F1 , F2, F3, F4 ,F5, F6 
and F7! 

       ò1 -ð 1st is called " I can do stars " by Spion /Escape, presented at Eil 
99. It is a continuous star field without music, shame... (Falcon/STe/STf)

       ó2 -ð the next is called " Rumpelkammer " by STAX, a demo which is worth 
returning to :) but, I did not find it completely bad... remark, it was already 
tested before... (STe/STf with MORE than 1Mb of ram)

       ò3 -ð the next is S.O.D.E., a compilation by TSCC of chip tunes, logos by 
EDO and A-t. This demo comprises of 10 different tunes as well the ones as the 
others (except history of taste :) 
(Falcon/STe/STf)

       ó4 -ð ACCIDENT from Torment, a small intro that works on Ste and STf.

       ò5 -ð the KINETON a quite pleasant demo that came out at Volkanic 5 
(France), the intro of this one is particularly nice spirit :)))) (Falcon/STe/STf)

       ó6 -ð the MEMORIAL, demo by Dune, came out at LTP 3 (France) . Truely 
excellent, I do not know what else to say, a delight for the eyes and the ears:)
(Falcon/STe/STf)

       ò7 -ð Finally, the last of the batch, Oldiez by Blabla, came out at LTP3 
(France). Super scroll giant vertical text, excellent music, all that for this 
putting in appetite, then comes a super roto-zoom with some deformations with 
all that :) a pretty tunnel to finish. The greetings are done with a super
scroll text in twist over two vertical and horizontal scrollers :) (STe/STf)


       To conclude, this compilation makes part of the things that you must have 
on his hard disk (or on these diskettes:)

         Bravo Typhoon!

ñ-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     cosmoH + grammar checking by The Berserker
ñ-------------------------------------------------------------------------------                               

