ANOTHER CD REVIEW
~TEST.FIL~
            ANOTHER CD REVIEW

Just having read Slimer's Compact Mayhem (The Worst (C)), I 
decided it's time for a non-hardrock review, something I 
haven't seen for quite some time in any diskmag. It bores 
me like hell hearing people go totally wild about music I 
just can't get a hang of. In other words, hardrock bores 
me. That is not to say that others shouldn't like it, it's 
just my personal opinion.

The Actual Review...
====================
LIVE AT LONDON (DJ Charly Lownoise & DJ Mental Theo)
====================================================
Some of you might have heard of these two deejay's because 
of their hard-core 12"es, or possibly from one of the 
Thunderdome compiles. This single CD is quite different 
from their older work, mixing dance, breakbeat, hard-core 
and live samples into one danceable track, which is 
included in two versions. The third track, called 'Can you 
feel it', is more like the old jobs they did. It's just 
that it's worse, it sucks and only seems to be there to 
fill up the disc. Forget it. The first version of 'Live at 
London' is the original mix. The beginning is a live sample 
of Lownoise talking to the public about an illegal drug 
(the word is... cocaine... what's the word?). Then the real 
fun starts, changing all the way until the end and never 
boring me, except maybe for the bit with the hard-core horns 
in it. The second version is mainly a remix, built up 
differently, starting off with a nice breakbeat. In my 
personal opinion, the second version is better than the 
first. But it's a matter of taste, as always with remixes.
------------------------------------------------------------
 SUMMARY |  Tracks included:    Live at London (original)
----------                      Live at London (remix)
Music ranking: 82%              Can you feel it
Value for money: 75%            (SINGLE CD)
Price: 15 guilders (5 pounds)
------------------------------------------------------------




THE FEELING (DJ Duck & MC Goose)
============================================================

I should have known enough when I saw the artists' name, 
but as a faithful person I still decided to buy this 12" 
release. It was very cheap you know. The title was the only 
good thing about the record. I got feelings from this one 
allright, like wanting to vomit, picking my nose out of 
boredom or even wanting to boot up my ST (which is the one 
thing I REALLY don't want to do now I have the ladybird). 
But let's keep myself restricted to the review. The record 
starts off with a monotonic beat (176 BPM it said on the 
cover), which continues for over 20 minutes. Apart from 
this beat you sometimes hear samples from Amazing 
Discoveries, Jacques Brel records or some Heimatmelodie 
music. That's all there is to this 12". Period. It sucks.
------------------------------------------------------------
 SUMMARY |  Tracks included:    The Feeling (part one)
----------                      The Feeling (part two)
Music ranking:  2%              The Feeling (end)
Value for money:  4%            12"
Price: 6 guilders (2 pounds)
------------------------------------------------------------
~RED.PAL~

