
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

{*f1IMPARTY 8000 REPORT{*f0

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


The IMParty had this year reached number eight, and was in a true Sun
standard called IMParty 8000. For those of you who don't know what an
IMParty is, I can tell you it is party that takes place twice each
year for quite some time now in the middle of Sweden. This, being a New
Year edition, included all the usual stuff, which is drinking, BBQ,
internet connection, fireworks and so on. The difference this time
included a new party place (a school), dutchmen and a bit more people than
usual. Around 40 folks of different kinds appeared. This included the
normal DHS, Imponance, Nocrew, Newbeat, TOYS, Aggression and Wildfire, but
also some other people like Havoc/FUN, and the IRC-people (Comp7, RobertK,
Opus, J_A_G, Partycle, Mr Motorola and all those I don't know or forgot).
IMPartys are not known for their releases, but the sourcecodes for Motion
got released. Some coding was also seen by Evil/DHS, Baggio(!)/Wildfire
and Thomas/Newbeat. The place was divided into three rooms where people
got placed. One room for Imponance, Nocrew, Comp7 and the finns, one for
the mmx-gamers (where Star Trek was also watched) and one for the
"scene"-people. Several showers and a room for sleeping that was pretty
silent were big improvements over the old place. A lot of IRC and poker
was going on, as usual, and even a bit Carmageddon. Apart from the fact
that it's hard to BBQ when it's cold, the power went a couple of times and
TAM/TOYS tried to kill a bunch of people with a rocket everything went
very fine. The best IMParty so far!


/daniel

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
