ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  "HERESY" - the first Falcon demo by PARANOIA
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system... Fo3o, 4MB RAM, FPU, RGB/VGA

size..... 71o KB on harddisk

code..... PARANOID with help by EVIL of DHS and CANDYMAN of CREAM
grfx..... TNT, LUEBKE
msx...... MR FUTURE

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

So, after several small intros and joke screens for the ST, ñPARANOIDð finally did
the next step... he tried to invade the Falcon with óPARANOIAð releases.

So far óPARANOIAð was more known for its more or less (in my eyes) successful game
releases  mainly on  the STE, just as ò"STETRIS"ð or ò"BREAKDANCE"ð, and after their
first tries of little intros the next step was just a question of time.

It was already some months ago that ñPARANOIDð threatened to release a Falcon demo
very soon  and so on  the little óUNCONVENTIONALð party he turned his  threat into
reality. Even my  appearance on the party couldn't hold back this  piece of hard
digital terror... ;)

And even that ñPARANOIDð mentioned a lot of times that this was his first  demo on
Falcon ever, as well as his first ASM production too, I will go  on in the way I
reviewed all óPARANOIAð productions so far, hehehe...

Oki, just kiddin... At one hand I'm some kind of happy to see new  people trying
something in democoding on  this machine after so many people left the Falcon or
turned into  eternal sleep, but at  the other hand  even on the  Falcon the demo
standard was grown up  to a very high level so that newcomers have  a hard stand
from the beginning on.

I know, you  can't compare  newcomer  demos nowadays with  the  smashers done by
AVENA, EKO or DHS for example. Also those people  started with small  and not so
impressing  screens and demos or could grab on their knowledge of ST demo coding
as well, but after all you can't  close your eyes  if some things  are going too
wrong, and unfortunately ò"HERESY"ð is no exception in this point...

So, shut up! Lets start the review!

At first, great to see that ò"HERESY"ð doesn't need 14MB of RAM, grin... Ok, after
starting the demo the screen turned black at first... ups, wrong... breakdown of
reality... reboot and restart!

At first some saying in a not  soo bad  font was  written on the  screen, on the
good old black background... This  comes along  with some  technoing  musix that
reminds  me hard to some old óLAZERð demo  or something, but is  original and done
by óPARANOIAð's swedish member ñMR FUTUREð...

At next, while the music is going on, an animated little razorblade, the logo of
óPARANOIAð, is coming up and turning around in the middle of the screen... hm, not
bad... After the  suspected black and  designless break the  first kick into the
stomach of any graphician comes up, a raytraced óPARANOIAð logo, that seems to fly
out (or better in?!) of the eternal flames of hell... Uhh... that's the first of
the things ñPARANOIDð told me some times ago...

Happily after this comes the rotating razorblade back onto the screen, this time
a bit zoomed, but not pixel by pixel. After this the HERESY logo comes up with a
slow but  still nice  cloud effect in the  background. A nice intro  screen, and
even the raytraced logo doesn't look bad...

{*i heresy.pi1 m 0 20 0 199}

The usual razorblade popped up again, again bigger than the  last time, followed
by zooming mirrored razorblades, that are turning around and stretched too...
Not the killer effect and a bit  too much used  with the  time... and it goes on
like this... again and again  razorblades, filling  up the  screen, rotating and
zooming around... it seems as  they're going to infiltrate the brains of all the
sceners left  to end this  worthless life  while cutting  their veins with those
small metal thingies... but don't forget to slip into your  bathtub, filled with
warm water... uhhhh... fine... all fades away... hmmmm....

And while your eyes are going to close your sense awakes with a horrible feeling
because another  raytraced logo comes up, saying óMR FUTUREð. It seems  as we have
reached  the credits  part... the logo  is damn  greyish, static, looks  totally
outdated for raytracing stuff... bleurgh... ups... sorry...

Happily the razorblade, the big one, comes back onto the screen... ah... fine...
I feel a lot better now... but I got the feeling  that my legs  are going weaker
with every second...

Uuuuh... I awaked again, because the next  rendered logo appears, not as ugly as
the otherone. This says TNT... it looks better some kind of  water or jelly like
and I hopped the next will be of the same quality... But I was so wrong...

The midi  razorblade comes  again, followed by the  ugliest logo so  far, saying
ñLUEBKEð, checked in  yellow and  red... uuuuh... Torment  me! Yeah! And while the
mini razorblade  comes up again  to save  me from more pains the last kick comes
with the logo of ñPARANOIDð... not as ugly as the ñLUEBKEð logo, but  ugly enough to
let me jump out  of my bathtub, searching for something to bandage up the wounds
on my wrists and to jump over to my machine to write something about this little
piece of psycho terror!

And while the title screen comes up again my ST was already  running and I typed
in the first  words to preserve  the mankind in too big  expectations about this
demo... And so here they come...

The final words...

Ok, I will make  it short, but I can  assure you that  the "1oo% Dissers" are on
the run  again, to search  a new victim and be  sure, we've found  it! I've seen
better "first" demos, and I've seen a lot of them. But ó"HERESY"ð leaves me with a
bad feeling in my stomach. There is just one effect I really like and would call
original, the clouds at the beginning and the end. Even the logo matches to this
part... but the rest is, honestly, not worth to be mentioned, zooming, rotating,
mirrored amd stretched razorblade  animation, ugly (forgive me) raytraced logos,
no design at all... only the soundtrack  is mentionable  with some  flashback to
the òLAZERð demo ó"AUTOWASCHEN VERBOTEN"ð or better to some soundtracks made by STAX
of òLAZERð... Nothing  more to say...

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
originality...  2o % - Nice clouds effect, but the rest...
effex.........  45 % - Hmm, just clouds and zoomed, rotating animation
grafix........  4o % - Ugly rendering stuff, uhhh...
musix.........  7o % - The soundtrack is ok, but no smashhit at all...
design........  1o % - What design?!
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
all in one ...  37 % - Not a demo I would count to my faves...
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

...tSCc...                                                               moondog
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------