ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            UNDERCOVER SERVICE!
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ok, here we wanna offer some service for your pleasure. It depends on ñUNDERCOVER
only but will give you the chance to get info snippets about the things going on
before  other people. We  don't wanna flood some bulletin  boards  with mourning
about  missing help  or don't  want to fill  it with  phrases  like "UCM will be
released soon, tomorrow or yesterday".

If you're interested in getting an information in time just  write a short email
to the  following  adress, with the subject "release-info". If  ñUCMð is  ready to
release we will inform you a few days  before about this happening and where you
can get the forthcoming issue at first.

Furthermore  we still offer you the possibility to get the  magazine right after
its release via email. Because  several people didn't  liked our  massive email-
spreading-actions  I decided to  email it only to people  who want to  get it in
that way. So  just send a  mail with the subject "ucm-mail" and  you will get it
right after the release  and will be surely one of  the first who  can dive into
the dark abyss of ñUNDERCOVERð...

Last but not least we will offer a new feature  here, for those people who wanna
have back  that old-school-swapper-feeling. You can  get the latest UCM also via
snail mail. Just send a letter  with disk and  stamps (for Germany 2,2o DM - for
foreigners with international  reply cupon) in time. Ofcourse  you should send a
mail at first, asking for the release date. If we  give you  green light you can
send the letter and disk in and some cool times filled with sport (while running
to the mailbox everyday) and  hope will swapp over you, untill you find the disk
in your mailbox...
Btw... it would be nice if the people who  are interested in  this service would
point that  out in their mail, because they  will get my snail mail add for this
and this add will change this year for sure. Because I don't know when I haven't
given any add in the current issue, just ask for it.
Btw... this service  is dedicated  to 5o5 of Checkpoint  who asked  about such a
service... You can use the subject "release-info" for your mails  as well, becoz
I will inform you right in time (not just two days before)...

Ok, another service I don't  know about atm, is  the plan  to release  an online
version of ñUNDERCOVERð. This will be maintained by óDYNACOREð but up to now I don't
know much about that because I'm not much  involved in  it. If an online version
will be created we will inform you as well in time...

That's it for now. We wait for your mails...

                                                                         moondog
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------