           ______
   _____  /   __/___  ______  ____    ______  ______  ______  ______  /\
   \_   \/   /  __  \/     _\/   /___/      \/      \/      \/\  /  \/  \
    /   /   /   ____/   /__\    ____/   /___/   /   /   /   /  \/   /   /
  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/  _/   x   /_
  \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   \   /     /
   \___  / \___  / \___  / \___  / \_/.sNs.\___  / \_/\  / \_/ \_/\__  /
       \/      \/      \/      \/              \/      \/            \/

            The VEctroniX NEWSletter Issue #17 [March 12, 1998]

      Contact VEXNEWS for submissions, un/subscription, information
             or whatever reason at all: vexnews@mindless.com

  To get previous issues send an email with the subject "get vexnews #xx"

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

                           VECTRONIX - NO MERCY!

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

I know I said in last issue there shouldn't be a new issue for atleast a
couple of weeks, but then something sad and unpredicted happened so we was
forced to send out an announcement, and as both UCM and Maggie had released
new issues this gave me something to write about, and also Ryder sent me an
article, so all of a sudden I had enough material to make a complete VexNews
issue!

I really don't have time for this though, that's why I in all lazyness just
cut some interesting info from Dead Hackers Society's homepage (hope ya
don't mind), written by Evil himself. Check their homepage out, Evil is
doing a great job to maintain a little scene news section! If anything
interesting happens please notify him about it, then go home and write an
article about it for VexNews! ;-)

http://coolness.home.ml.org

/Phoenix

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

  [ Contents of VexNews Issue #17 ]

  1. New Vectronix Releases ............................ Ryder/Vectronix
  2. New Vectronix FTP Password ...................... Phoenix/Vectronix
  3. New Diskmagazine Issues ......................... Phoenix/Vectronix
  4. New GodleNES Releases .............................. D.H.S Homepage
  5. Reunion '98 Information ............................ D.H.S Homepage
  6. Volcanic Party - Short Report! ..................... D.H.S Homepage
  7. Great Sounding 4-Track Recordings ................. Ryder/Vectronix

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[1] NEW VECTRONIX RELEASES by Phoenix/Vectronix

vexhp208.lzh   432730  HomePage Pinguin v2.08 Pro (c) Matthias Jaap

HomePage Penguin 2.08 PRO
Programmer: Matthias Jaap
Review by: RYdER <ryder_vex@mindless.com>
Reviewed on: 1040STe, 4megs, TOS 2.06, Hard drive, Monochrome.

HomePage Penguin Pro is the full commercial release of the popular HTML
editor for the Atari. It's packed with fantastic features and does all the
boring job for you, it creates simple but good looking webpages in a few
minutes!

This I would have to say is a very important ground breaking release for the
Atari Internet community. It runs you through every aspect of setting up and
making your very own webpage designed specifically how you want it.

Features of HPP 2.08 PRO:

- Font selection for headings and body text.
- Font text attributes.
- 5 choices of default fonts. (if you don't have the specified font on
  your system setup it will try these default fonts in order of choices).
- Lets you implement soundfiles as backround music for your page visitors.
- Imports pictures for backround images.
- Image resizing.
- Image options (Borders/Text flow/Image links).
- Text import function with powerful text edit functions. (Columns etc).
- Page layout templates.

The con of this program that I found was that I could not get the help files
to work from the HELP dropdown menu without having ST Guide installed, and
there is no english text files explaining the in's and out's of the program
(Ryder, you're supposed to have a printed manual! /phx). Most of us have and
use ST guide as most Atari Internet applications use/need it. But for
someone that is new to Atari or the Atari Internet scene, he might think
he's outta luck on the HELP files. A warning could have been in place.

But to kinda make up for that, included in the HELP dropdown bar is some
links to UPDATES and Atari WWW links, but you have to have CAB loaded for
them to work. There is also a nifty little feature of HPP that lets you boot
up in german, english, french, spanish, and swedish. To do this you have to
double click the 'HP_PENG.PRG and just as it booting hold the 'ALTERNATE'
key and it will let you specify your prefered language.

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[2] NEW VECTRONIX FTP PASSWORD! Phoenix/Vectronix

As some people has not understood the importance of keeping the ftp
passwords secret, and openly publishes it in a public atari channel on irc,
we have been forced to change the password!

<koolaid> vectronix.ml.org  user: vectronix  pass: domination

The above is what happened, koolaid did something which is a very good
example of how to _not_ behave, and koolaid got the password from nightwolf!
We don't hesitate for a minute to hang out both of them like this, they and
everybody else should know about their mistake!

The thing is not only that our site was exposed like this, but also we don't
want any piracy discussions on #atari, please keep to private messages if
you have to! Our site was immediately shut down though, and the password was
changed, to prevent whatever could have happened!

The password should be kept for yourself! By openly publishing or spreading
it like this you will not only get yourself and your host permanently banned
from our sites, but you will also be disconnected and excluded from all
future VexNews issues and announcements! Tell your friends to contact us to
get the password instead!

The new password is found below, and we will probably change this more often
in the future than what we have done until now, but as long as you're on
this mailinglist you will get the new passwords!

ftp://     ....erm...just censored =)

login:     what? erm...
password:  ...go away and make my day =)

Now, fucking keep this to yourself or face the consequences! And damn you if
you forget it! ;-)

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[3] NEW DISKMAGAZINE ISSUES by Phoenix/Vectronix

Both Undercover Magazine and Maggie has released new issues in the last
days. UCM arrived in my mailbox as a glad surprise, I must congratulate them
for successfull distribution this time! I have complained alot on both UCM
and Maggie regarding this before, but UCM did it very well this time!

Maggie Team though... managed to fuck up completely again! As I've already
said above this is _not_ the first time, and it's for me a big mystery how
anyone who are capable of putting together such a nice magazine is so
incapable or even incompetent of distributing it! There's really no excuse
for this, you can complain at the software or whatever, but it's not
acceptable!

After more than 24 hours and some sleep had passed we finally managed to get
hold of the ST version, but I don't think the Falcon version was available
until the next morning! Shame on you Maggie! We're living in the highspeed
generation with advanced high technology and internet into every living
room, snail mail distribution or alike (same speed) is simply not tolerated
today...

UCM #11 comes with the new shell coded by EarX of FUN! It's still not 100%
finished, and far from bugfree, simply refuses to work on some machines. In
other words, it might have become a bit better than previous shells, but
it's far from done yet!

It runs fine under STonX and PacifiST, even though there is some minor
problems, but it works! For myself it was very fun for the first time being
able to read UCM the way it was supposed to be read. Although I must say the
font used was the worst fucking shitfont I have ever seen, I soon got tired
of reading like this and continued in a texteditor like I've always read it
before.

VexNews issues 12, 14 and 15 is included in this issue, I wonder what
happened to 13, but maybe it's not such a big lost. And as you're all
getting the uncensored VexNews through the mailinglist (aren't you?!) I
guess nobody even noticed.

Then there was alot of interviews, for example with no one less than myself,
read this! Other names worth to mention was Bandit/Climatics, Troed (a.k.a
RedFox)/Sync, some Delta Force dudes and well, go see for yourself! Alot of
demo reviews and other cool stuff to read!

Interesting emails from Mr Pink and Ripley, both of Reservoir Gods and
Maggie Team was published with comments. Topic for this conversation was
some small disputes between Maggie and UCM, not really of anyones business I
guess. But, brave of Moondog and UCM to publish it, he should have avoided
to commenting them though...

Other interesting things was perhaps the vote chart where Vectronix once
again is at the top where we belong with quite a good marginal to the second
place. We also had 3 crackers, as where the 2 most active ones was holding
the top places on the crackers chart. Fun to see is also that our old
Civilization version is still going strong! Perhaps should encourage
Metallinos to do some work on it... ;-)

What can I say about Maggie? Well, it was late!!!!! And I was a bit
wondering about the article about butchering human bodies for consumption!
From what I had heard many of the RG and Maggie Team members was supposed to
be vegetarians, but now I'm starting to wonder if they're not cannibals
instead!

To be honest I've not had time to read Maggie very good yet as it was so
late, so I better not say so much more about it at this stage. Two great
diskmagazines though, go check them out if you haven't already!

http://wombat.ludvika.se/ae/dhs_files/misc/ucm11.zip
http://wombat.ludvika.se/ae/dhs_files/misc/maggie25_st.zip
http://wombat.ludvika.se/ae/dhs_files/misc/maggie25_falcon.zip

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[4] NEW GODLENES RELEASES from D.H.S Homepage

Shortly after the release of the first (very slow running) GodleNES they
have now improved the speed a great bit, and my guess is that with a nemesis
it is very near the original NES machine in speed now. Reservoir Gods have
released two new packages, one with Super Mario Brothers again, but with the
fast emulator, and the second being "Space Invanders". You can download both
Super Mario Brothers and Space Invanders here.

http://wombat.ludvika.se/ae/dhs_files/misc/smb.lzh
http://wombat.ludvika.se/ae/dhs_files/misc/invade.lzh

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[5] REUNION '98 INFORMATION from D.H.S Homepage

The Giants are planning a party! Yeps, Giants are back, arranging an
Atariparty in The Netherlands. This is what Havoc of Giants says:

Reunion'98 is a party, organised for and by old Atari demoscene people from
Holland. It will be organised by Havoc/Giants. As the Atari scene in Holland
is quite dead at the moment (only FUN and Sentry seem to do something at
this moment), it is logical that this party is mainly aimed at the people
who made the Dutch scene a cool one during the 'top years', that is to say
90 to 95. Anyone who feels or felt connected to the Dutch Atari demo scene
in these years, or more recent years, is invited to come over to the south
of the country for a nice time and a good beer.

The party will start on Friday, 15th of May 1998 at around 1800 hours, and
will last upto Sunday, 17th of May 1998 around 2400 hours. The main part
will start most probably on Saturday. Entry fees will be very low, just some
money is needed to buy a present for the people whose space we're using.

Please do remember that this party is not a computerparty in the narrowest
sense of the word. The name Reunion might indicate that the intention is to
have some fun with the people you've all met through the years and whom you
might have lost contact with now.

Any questions, replies or information requests can be sent to:

bigpete@freemail.nl (Havoc/Giants)

Please allow a few days for reply! There is also a mailing list for the
party, if you want to be on it, please send a mail to me.

WE NEED REPLY! THE PARTY'S THERE FOR YOU, SO YOU MAKE IT HAPPEN!!!

http://wombat.ludvika.se/dhs/text/reunion_info.txt

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[6] VOLCANIC PARTY - SHORT REPORT! from D.H.S Homepage

Here's a small report from the Volcanic (well hidden :)) party. It's written
by David Carrere (FlaySID author (I hope you don't mind me including this
here)).

The party took place in Cournon d'Auvergne, near the city of
Clermont-Ferrand in the french "Massif Central". This year, we were 470
people in a huge room (one of the biggest of the area around Clermont
Ferrand). There was a majority of PC, but a lot of Amiga and Atari also
came. Some tables were full of Atari computers (St, Falcon, Centurbo,
Towers, ...) ! There was also a Commodore 64 (mine !... to be accurate, it
was one of a friend of mine) wich showed to PC users that a simple 6502 at 1
Mhz could do almost better than their Pentium II ! (Some PC users were
really astonished). There was a giant screen with two Barco projectors. Why
two ? Polarised glasses were given at the entrance, and a 3D animation film
was projected (3 days before to be shown at the famous Imagina show, if my
memory does not betray me). There was also some 3D pictures. Other classic
stuff were projected: Demos, synthetized images, video clips, ...

There was a demo compo, wild compo, 4 channel music compo, multichannels
music compo, techno music all the time (... sometimes a bit BORING !). A
ORIC demo was presented for the wild compo ! (It was not so bad !).

I did not see Atari demos, but I know that there was not a lot. PC and Amiga
demos were numerous and sometimes really good (quality, originality
sometimes, and a lot of HUMOUR !). Wild demos were also very funny, with
home made films (Strange martians wearing a big Microsoft Windows box attack
the Earth !).

And to make things better, the organization was really good (no problems
with electricity, food, ...). I did not know parties in others european
countries, but I know some french parties, and among all of them, Volcanic
party is surely the best. [ The Saturne Party (near Paris) is also a good
party, but the last edition (October 1997) was really spoiled because of
huge electricity problems].

Well, that is all I can say about this great party !

/David.

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[7] GREAT SOUNDING 4-TRACK RECORDINGS by Ryder/Vectronix

Well I guess It's about time I let you in on my little secret! Maybe a few
of you already may be doing this, but if you ain't this is a great way to
get high quality recordings from a 4-track mixer/recorder.

I have a Tascam Porta05 4-track and the recordings I get recording straight
into it and bouncing tracks locally is ok but not to the quality to where
I'd be happy.  And I don't have an expensive dat machine so I have found a
way to get really good quality recordings out of an old 4-track tape
recorder.. a really good HiFi STereo VCR!  It's more work but the quality of
recordings, if you do lots of track bouncing is about 200-300% better.

What I do is simple, I record my drums from my drum machine onto all 4
tracks of the 4-track.  I have 4 outputs on my drum machine (2 left, 2
right) so this really helps for sound quality. I pan my bass drum into the
middle, same with the snare drum and the crash.  I pan the hi/low toms and
ride to the left and the mid tom and the hi-hat to the right.  Other
percussion I just mix up with the left and right to make it sound more
fuller.

After recording all the drums onto all 4 tracks I then mix them down to the
VCR.  Make sure to use a good tape.  I use either Sony or JVC tapes. Then
after I've recorded the drums onto VCR tape, I play the VCR tape back into
the 4-track using 2 tracks (left and right) and record my bass line at the
same time so now I've used up only 2 tracks and have my bass line and drum
track on track 1 and 2 now I record rythym guitar on track 3 and lead
guitar/overdubs on track 4. Now you mix and record all this back onto the
VCR.  Don't record over the drum tracks that you've recorded already for 2
reasons!  1. You might want to use those drum tracks again, and 2. If you
re-record over the drum tracks you are reducing the quality of the tape.

Now you are ready for the Vocals.  I record the drums/bass/guitars back onto
2 tracks (left and right again, tracks 1 and 2) and record the lead vocals
onto track 3 and backup vocals onto track 4.  If you like to double your
vocals you can sing and record while the VCR is playing back, so you would
have you lead vocals recorded with the bass/guitar/ drum tracks on tracks 1
and 2 now freeing up another track.  Then you mix all this down to the VCR
and you have your DEMO!  The reason I use the VCR for bouncing is because
the tape quality is better then cassette tape.  The tape is thicker and thus
meaning better sounding demo's.  Make sure you use SP speed on the VCR as
this is the highest speed and the best for recording.

People are amazed when they listen to my demo tapes and I tell them I
recorded them on my 4-track.  They swear the quality is that of 16 track
studio recorder.  Don't believe me?  Try it.  You have to be somewhat
musically inclined to do the mixdowns and stuff, so if you have a shitty ear
or you just normally have shitty sounding demos because you can't mixdown
worth shit.  I can't help you with this! ;) Go back to school and take a
course on whatever it is your problem is.

But 'till then Happy Recording!

Ryder/Vectronix
E-Mail: ryder_vex@mindless.com

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

            The Vectronix News Mailing List (c) 1998 Vectronix,
                           All Rights Reserved.