           ______
   _____  /   __/___  ______  ____    ______  ______  ______  ______  /\
   \_   \/   /  __  \/     _\/   /___/      \/      \/      \/\  /  \/  \
    /   /   /   ____/   /__\    ____/   /___/   /   /   /   /  \/   /   /
  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/  _/   x   /_
  \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   \   /     /
   \___  / \___  / \___  / \___  / \_/.sNs.\___  / \_/\  / \_/ \_/\__  /
       \/      \/      \/      \/              \/      \/            \/

             The VEctroniX NEWSletter Issue #19 [May 13, 1998]

      Contact VEXNEWS for submissions, un/subscription, information
             or whatever reason at all: vexnews@mindless.com

  To get previous issues send an email with the subject "get vexnews #xx"

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

                            in the eyes of god
                        our lives are worth no more
                         than the life of an insect
                   so let's fly above the creek of life
                           like the dragon flies
                            in the eyes of god

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

  [ Contents of VexNews Issue #19 ]

  1. New Vectronix releases .......................... Phoenix/Vectronix
  2. Vectronix FTP update ............................ Phoenix/Vectronix
  3. New Atari-scene IRC channel ..................... Phoenix/Vectronix
  4. Vexnews philosophicationismus ................... Phoenix/Vectronix
  5. Project Stardust ............................. Little Green Desktop
  6. Nordic Atari Show 1998 .......................... Phoenix/Vectronix
  7. Leonard/Oxygene is getting busy ................. Phoenix/Vectronix

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[1] NEW VECTRONIX RELEASES by Phoenix/Vectronix

nvdipc41.zip  926343  NVDI-PC v4.11 r10 German (c) ASH Software [1/1]
vexstcad.lzh  455747  ST-CAD v1.03 German (c) Matthias Krutz [1/1]

// NVDI-PC V4.11 GERMAN - CRACKED BY METALLINOS/VECTRONIX

NVDI replaces the original VDI of the ATARI TOS completely. The slow gra-
phicscodes of the ATARI-VDI are replaced with remarkable fast ones. There
are also added a lot of new and useful functions, e.g. scaleable Speedofonts
which now can be used in Atari-programmes.

This release, NVDI-PC v4.11 R10, is a special version of NVDI for MagicPC!
The already fast MagicPC will again get a remarkable speed-up by NVDI-PC!
The graphical output of the Atari-programmes is now no longer only done via
Atari-code, but also by Windows'95 code! Responsible for this is the the
NVDI_PC.DLL-file.

// ST-CAD V1.03 GERMAN - CRACKED BY PHOENIX/VECTRONIX

2D-CAD-Programm for construction, illustration etc. multitaskingable, up to
10 drawings, high precision, GDOS output, extensive character and editing
functions, object catch, Ortho, catch, ST Guide and BubbleGEM is supported,
text of several lines...

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[2] VECTRONIX FTP UPDATE by Phoenix/Vectronix

As some fuckwit obviosly didn't understand what I wrote in issue #17 about
the ftp password I will try to clearify myself!

It was recently brought to our attention that the password for the ftp site
was published on a website which belongs to someone who is not even on the
vexnews mailinglist, so obviously someone has given it to him. The webpage
was quickly taken down though...

I say this again, you may under NO fucking circumstances share the passwords
with anyone, not your mother, not your best friend, not your dog, not to
anyone! I hope you all understand the importance of this!

If this "leaking" doesn't stop we will have to restrict the access to the
ftp sites dramatically, and when I say restrict I fucking mean RESTRICT, and
this to the very inner elite circles only, like it used to be...

If you think someone should have access to the sites, tell them to contact
us instead! We have so far not been very hard when giving people access, and
this control is everything we've asked for! We hope this is how it also
will work in the future, but it's somehow up to you now....

ftp://    (hehe! just censored!)
login:    (hum...)
password: (forget it lamer!)

Now prove that you can handle it! And don't fucking ask about the password!
Write it up if you have a hard time remembering it, or save this email so
you can feed your brain with it regulary a couple of times per week....

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[3] NEW ATARI-SCENE IRC CHANNEL by Phoenix/Vectronix

For those of you who haven't noticed already an irc channel by the name
#atarscne has been alive and kicking for a while now. This channel should be
more concentrated on the atari scene, with atari scene people, and believe
it or not, but the first words about it even said it should be okay to
discuss for example the latest Vectronix and Elite cracks, without everyone
weeping like lame motherfuckers, oh well... that's yet to be seen... ;)
hehe... The purpose is of course not that it should be some kind of warez
channel though, so hold your horses!

Anyhow, is this channel a replacement for #atari, or is it really an attempt
of creating a new channel? We had a little chat with Evil of Dead Hackers
Society to find out more.

<evl> First of all, I hope that Phoenix will correct all my spelling
      misstakes, they are numerous (anyone who has ever seen me on irc know
      that.. ;)).

<[phoenix]> Yeah, seek help! Anyway... A new irc channel by name #atariscne
            has appeared lately, what was the reason for starting this
            channel?

<evl> Well, the main reason for starting it was because a few of us (well,
      quite a few actually) at #atari began to grow tired, or very tired of
      some of the people there.

* JamesB says FUCK #atariscne!!!

<evl> I can only speak for my personal reasons, and that was what I said
      above, plus that more and more assholes started to abuse the channel,
      porno ads, doing takeovers etc. Sure, this can be more or less "cured"
      if you have 'bots on the channel that bans these people. So we did..
      and got nothing but shit back from the #atari community for it, they
      didn't seem to understand the reasons for it. So it continued for a
      good while, until one day I got enough (hey redpixel/wrc..garhh) and
      decided to part the channel for good.

<evl> So, I talked with James "jamest/cajun" Troup about letting the bots be
      on a new channel, and that was no problem. And since that #atariscne
      has been going nonstop.

<JamesB> #atariscne is nothing but a bunch of fucking self rightious
         elitists.

<[phoenix] Ehhmm, Some people might wonder if we really need two atari
           channels. In what ways makes this channel different to #atari?
           And why do you think there is a need for this channel?

<evl> There has already been a bunch of atari channels; #atari, #atarifr,
      #ataripl, #atari8, #zatari, #atariswe, #mintos and probably some more
      I has been unaware of (I know that ramsess had some channel as
      well..).

<evl> So #atariscne is just one more, but this time we have control of it,
      if somebody has something to complain about, they are welcome to
      leave. And yes, it seems like there was a need for it, #atari isn't
      doing well..

<[phoenix]> It seems almost like it's the same people hanging on both
            channels, how come? Is there really not enough "scene people"
            out there, or can't people see the difference?

<evl> One can always wonder which people are "scene" ones. But belive me,
      the worst ones from #atari are already banned at #atariscne. This
      seemed to have caused wild discussions at #atari (yes I can spy on
      #atari via the bots.. ;)) calling us at #atariscne "ignorant bastards"
      or "semi-nazis that only favour elitsm..". Well, if they think it's
      that way, let them.

<JamesB> Ya?  Well if I had a problem with someone at least I'd talk to them
         about it.  You people just act without cause.

<[phoenix]> I guess you will have to explain the name #atariscne also, and
            why it isn't #atariscene, as this seem to be a quite common
            question.

<evl> Of two reasons: 1) Some old irc clients doesn't support more than 9
      chars. 2) #amigascne has that name, and I see nothing wrong in trying
      to make it alike..

<evl> And really, if it bother you that much to have an 'e' missed, create
      #atariscene yourself..

<[phoenix]> (uhh, that was a sensitive subject ehh...) The channel has
            existed for a while now, are you satisfied with the result so
            far, or what could be better?

<evl> Actually, the chan isn't new. It's just not been "open" all the time
      with bots. But it's been alive more or less for 1.5 years now..

<JamesB> You can eat you shit for dinner and choke on it.

<[phoenix]> And finally then, why is IRC so addictive? How come people
            spends hours and hours and all nights just chatting? Is it just
            fucked-up-in-their-brains-and-totally-mind-twisted-fuckwits
            doing this, or does normal people also like IRC?

<evl> Wait here.. do you mean that you don't know? Really?

<evl> Cheezus. We others that 'seem' to hang online so much actually only
      have bots hanging there with our nicknames! And answering randomly
      with a few selected sentenses and ;-) signs..  So you really stay up
      all this time? Wow.. stupid phoe... ;->

<[phoenix]> Hmmm, someone obviously thought he was funny... ;-) Anyway,
            that's what IRC is all about I guess, bad stupid jokes from
            weird pizza eating people... but, what would I know, I've never
            tried it... ;)

Just for the record, JamesB is banned from #atariscne, that could perhaps
explain his smooth behavour here. The channel is found on the same irc
network as the main #atari channel, in other words IRCNET. So, if you think
this channel is for you, why not stop by sometime and try to shake all the
idlers alive a bit!?

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[4] VEXNEWS PHILOSOPHICATIONISMUS by Phoenix/Vectronix

If my calculations are correct it's soon almost a year since the first
VexNews issue saw the light, or more preciesly it was about 11 months ago at
the time writing this. The idea was really just to be able to inform people
about new releases and other things happening within Vectronix in first
hand, we're still holding on to this philosophy of course, but it has become
so much more also I think.

The first 9 issues was quite small, they were all under 16kb in size and
mainly adopted to fit this size with regard to the many mausnet subscribers
at the time, but with the release of issue 10 it was goodbye for all of
those, we felt that we couldn't be limited in this way anymore, and since
then the sizes of the issues has been about 30-45kb.

It felt nice to be able to give the reader something more interesting to
read, and I must say that I'm quite satisfied the way it has been. We have
for example tried to cover all the main partys with a review, storys,
results and information shortly after the event taking place. Also the big
Atari fair reports have been covered nicely, long before any other magazine
could have some information out. Fast and quick news, I think that's a good
description of vexnews.

Maybe it was a bit wrong trying to make a more complete newsletter with the
limited number of readers as the cracking scene really involves, but... we
did it, and somehow the number of subscribers to vexnews has grown during
this year, much more than what I expected from the beginning. There could be
alot more people though, especially from the demo scene who probably thinks
this is for cracking fanatics only, which is not in my opinion.

I know lot's of people read this "second hand" or what to say, many people
forwards their issues to their friends and so on, and as we're nowadays also
being published in UCM, in a somewhat censored form, but anyway... the real
number of readers is very hard to estimate, but I'm glad that people seems
to like it, and all the response has been very positive! Hmm, tell your
friends to subscribe btw!

What could be better? Well, actually things could be alot better! There's
not really a limit of what a newsletter like this could develop into, the
only thing stopping me is the lack of time and also motivation I think
sometimes. More regular writers should be involved though, a better insight
into the atari world in general, better coverage of the demo scene, someone
could write software reviews, announcements of new software or whatever.

The thing is that there's no problem at all putting a newsletter like this
together, but it's in the end quite boring when you're only a few people
doing everything yourselves, there must be alot of co-operation and
participation from everyone out there if something like this should be a
really really successfull newsmedia.

Diskmagazines in all glory, it's something special about them (new Maggie
and UCM issues are on the way btw), but... a newsletter like this serves a
completely different purpose, it can bring fresh news to the reader real
fast! If there's something to announce, if something has happened, or is
about to happen, this is a great way to inform people about it. I don't
think it would be impossible at all to have a bi-weekly scheduled release of
such a newsletter...

Oh well, just some thoughts... ;-) but if there's a bunch of people feeling
this would be cool, why not let me know and perhaps it could be a reality
sometime? Who knows...

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[5] PROJECT STARDUST from http://lgd.fatal-design.com/stardust/

// What Is It?

Quite simply the largest on-line database of Atari ST games in existance.

// Who Is Responsible?

Those utterly mad fools at fatal-design plus the whole Atari loving public
in general. You see almost anyone can contribute to the database.

// What's The Point?

Who needs a reason? You? Oh, well okay. This is the ultimate aim - ".. to
put on-line the largest collection of Atari ST software in the world, to
have it all reviewed and rated, to have screen shots available, to have
manuals ready for download. In short, to capture all of those old titles
that will otherwise vanish into the digital ether of time. Call it a
preservation society if you like. We will not stand-by and watch Atari
titles dissappear, we will obtain them, catalogue them and retain them so
that anyone may have access.".

// That's Quite A Tall Order!

Agreed. Now shut-up and help us out. Here's how... We need people to add to
the database. We need you to write reviews of the titles in there. Perhaps
even submit screen shots, manuals, cheats, you name it - we want it.

// How Does It Work?

It's all driven by a set of CGI scripts developed by Richard Davey of Fatal
Design. These scripts allow additions, modifications and deletions from the
main database. They also allow for uploading of screen shots and manuals. It
took many hours work to get it all functioning, but it's been through
rigourous beta testing. We're confident you'll enjoy the power and
ease-of-use of the system.

// Where Can I See What's Been Done Already?

Patience my good friend. The current STardust database is only open to
contributors, the full thing will be made live with the next major update of
The Little Green Desktop (June 1st in other words)

// Sounds Neat, I Want To Help!

It is neat and it's growing fast. But we're kinda picky about who can
contribute to the project and to avoid abuse we've included a password
system. We do insist that you can write in clear, plain English and that
your spelling isn't on par with "hackerz n warez lamerz!!!". Got-it? Good..
in that case just send an email (stardust@fatal-design.com) giving your full
real name (no aliases) and you'll be added to the contributors list and be
sent the password back again; so make sure not to fake that email address.

// Thanks

Many thanks to those of you who have helped out already. Thanks to the
PaCifiST Mailing List crew and the LGD Beta Site Testers. Without you guys I
probably wouldn't be doing this anyway. In true Star Trek style...

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[6] NORDIC ATARI SHOW 1998 by Phoenix/Vectronix

To many peoples surprise (including myself) there _will_ be a Nordic Atari
Show this year as well! Mille Babic is the main co-ordinator and responsible
for the event, and he will hopefully have a homepage finished with more
information at the time you read this. NAS'98 will take place on 12-14 June,
and the address is Forsta Langgatan 20 in Gothenburg, Sweden. The entrance
fee is not set yet, but is likely to be around 100 SEK.

This is all decided just one month before the show, in my opinion it all
seems quite unorganized, and they will have to put alot of efforts into
making information of the show available now. NoCrew (or any other crew for
that matter) is as far as I know not doing any "demoparty" arrangements this
year, so I guess NAS'98 will mainly be a general Atari show.

I still hope this will be a success though, this is the only real Atari show
in Sweden nowadays, it cannot measure with the shows in Germany and England
perhaps, but it's still a very good opportunity for the atarians to meet
together and have some fun! So if you have nothing better to do this
weekend, you know where to be!

Unfortunately they're once again having the show the very same weekend as
the Hultsfred Festival is taking place, which is not so very bright in my
opinion. Will NAS be able to compete with names like Black Sabbath, Misfits,
The Verve, NOFX, And One, Backyard Babies, Paradise Lost, Lydia Lynch and
many others? Well, that remains to be seen... ;-)

Mille Babic's homepage can be found on the address below, and I hope you
will be able to find the official NAS'98 homepage from here, also watch out
in the newsgroups and so on for more information.

http://user.tninet.se/~gcc561r/

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[7] LEONARD/OXYGENE IS GETTING BUSY by Phoenix/Vectronix

Once again I just want to mention briefly the heavy work Leonard/Oxygene is
doing. His impressive Atari ST Megademo project is soon to be finished it
seems, and he has just released a ST-SOUND PLUGIN to put on your homepages!
What could be more nostalgic for all atari hompepages than the real sound of
a good old Atari? ;-) Check his homepage for further information!

http://www.mygale.org/09/leonard/index.html
http://www.mygale.org/09/leonard/plugin.htm
http://www.mygale.org/09/leonard/stdemo.htm

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

            The Vectronix News Mailing List (c) 1998 Vectronix,
                           All Rights Reserved.


