
          ______
  _____  /   __/___  ______  ____    ______  ______  ______  ______  /\
  \_   \/   /  __  \/     _\/   /___/      \/      \/      \/\  /  \/  \
   /   /   /   ____/   /__\    ____/   /___/   /   /   /   /  \/   /   /
 _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/   /  _/  _/   x   /_
 \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   /   \   \   /     /
  \___  / \___  / \___  / \___  / \_/.sNs.\___  / \_/\  / \_/ \_/\__  /
      \/      \/      \/      \/              \/      \/            \/

          The VEctroniX NEWSletter Issue #13 [December 24, 1997]

      Contact VEXNEWS for submissions, un/subscription, information
             or whatever reason at all: vexnews@mindless.com

  To get previous issues send an email with the subject "get vexnews #xx"

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

                  hey god, why are you doing this to me?
              am i not living up to what i'm supposed to be?
                  why am i seething with this animosity?
             hey god, i think you owe me a great big apology

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

     And so it's x-mas again, and for myself it couldn't have started
worse. Two days ago I got food poisoned, I have spent most time since that
on the toilet throwing up things I ate years ago, and in bed sleeping all
days long. Today it's x-mas eve and I still feel like shit, but I will try
to finish this mini-VexNews issue just to announce our latest releases.
These could be considered as Vectronix x-mas presents to you all, and to
end a terrific year! Thanks all, and merry x-mas and such shit!

/Phoenix

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

  [ Contents of VexNews Issue #13 ]

  1. Elite vs Vectronix
  2. Undercover Magazine #10
  3. Ryders seal of approval
  4. New Vectronix releases

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[1] ELITE VS VECTRONIX by Phoenix/Vectronix [phoenix@weirdness.com]

   1. 50 points  ->  ELiTE
   2. 40 points  ->  VECTRONIX

     Hmmm, what's this my dear friends? No fucking clue? Ok, I'll tell you,
it's a part of the votechart in the latest Undercover Magazine, that's what
it fucking is! What does it say though? Elite have got 50 points, and
Vectronix have only got 40(!) points?! Hmmm, something must be terribly
fucking wrong here....

     Possible explanations could be that the votechart was faked, corrupted
or manipulated in some way. Perhaps some votes happened to get "lost"
somewhere on the way? It could also be that not enough people voted, and
especially not for us, now that's a thought! Well, there could be a
thousand reasons for this result, but as it's too late to do anything about
that now....

     We have decided this tiny scene shit of thing is no longer big enough
for two crews, so we're from now on stopping all activites on the atari
scene to concentrate on the PC only! That's afterall where everything
happens, and as you have voted for your favourite band, we feel it's not
more than right that we step down and give space for them.

     Congratulations to Elite, you are the greatest! Perhaps we'll one day
meet again, another time, another place, probably where you think the
least!

Merry X-mas to you all, and good luck in 1998!

Signed, Members of Vectronix!

ps. the above article is not supposed to be taken very serious, I hope you
all can see the ironic side of it.... ;-)

     Haha, motherfuckers... we're back, we were never gone! You only missed
us so fucking much! We're stronger than ever, and more super kewl releases
are waiting around the corner! (sounds good anyway...) In other words, do
never count us out again, because you can never predict Vectronix next
move!

     We would like to congratulate Elite for the first place, you won this
time! But we're still around, and that will make it more than very
difficult for you to keep that top position! And Marcer, don't change the
votes next time, okay?! ;-) hehe....

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[2] UNDERCOVER MAGAZINE #10 by Phoenix/Vectronix [phoenix@weirdness.com]

     As most of you probably have understood by now UCM #10 was finally
released. This issue was a bit delayed, and at first it was supposed to
come with a brand new shell coded by EarX/Fun, but in the last minute it
was changed back to the old shell because of some ST incompabilities of the
new shell.

     The bugs and incompabilities of UCM is quite well known by now, after
10 issues one could think they should have got passed this stage, but
unfortunately not yet. They are however well aware of this, and I hope and
also think they're doing their best to make this new shell properly
working, or they will probably ruin their reputation for good...

     Anyway, besides this boring and unlucky side of UCM, no one can deny
it's if not the very best, atleast one of the best and strongest going
scene magazines for the Atari without doubt!

     Moondog has quit TNB since last time, and has together with MC Laser
of TSCC formed the new label Poets of Decay which UCM is being released
under. Both of them seems more anxious and motivated than ever to continue
to work of UCM and report about what's happening in the scene, and we whish
them good luck also in the future!

     I will not go into details about what you can read about in this
issue, but in short I must say this issue is very cool for us! You will
find all previous VexNews issues from 1 to 12 (although issue #12 was a bit
fucked up unfortunately) in "censored" versions without the new releases,
ftp/www sites logins and passwords and so on. Almost like taking the candy
away from the children, but, that's one of the advantage you get by being a
subscribed reader, and I'm sure you can think of lotsa more reasons
yourself... ;-)

     Then there's an interview with Skinhead/ICS a.k.a Lonsdale/VEX in his
very best mood, check it out! And we should not forget about all the news,
many things about what Vectronix is doing and so on which was also new for
ourselves, but let's leave it like that... ;-)

About this and many other things you can read in UCM #10, check it out
right away if you haven't already! You'll find it on the url below....

http://wombat.ludvika.se/ae/dhs_files/misc/ucm10.zip

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[3] RYDERS SEAL OF APPROVAL by Ryder/Vectronix [ryder_vex@mindless.com]

     Well, by now you should know that the WEB is the place to be for GREAT
Atari games, utils, etc... So besides our wonderful site, there is a bunch
of other sites to grab you favorite game or util to keep you busy. I've
compiled a few to help you get started. There are tons of links off these
sites to help you compile your own list. Most of the sites are run by PC
users running PaCifiST, a full fleged Atari ST games emulator so you might
run across the file extention *.st, this is an image of the disk and used
by PaCifiST to run Atari ST software. These files must be converted to be
used on your regular Atari ST. You can find this conversion utility at:

http://www.geocities.com/Hollywood/Academy/2034/stutil.htm (ST2DISK.ZIP)

     It is a .ttp program written by ArghBlarg and works very well. The
best way I've found to use this is to install it as an application and
double click on the .ST file and just make sure you have a blank disk in
the drive ready to go as it starts right away!! No warning. The .ST file
and the sttodsk.ttp must be in the same directory.

     The other file extention widely used by PaCifiST is .MSA (Magic Shadow
Archiver) which most of you have probably used. Traders used this often as
it also stores disks as images and most of the time bypass the copyright.
So you can bet it was a very popular proggy with the underground Atari
users. You can also get this file at:

http://www.geocities.com/Hollywood/Academy/2034/stutil.htm (MSA232.ZIP)

     The best palce to start out at in my opinion (and alot of others!) is
Little Green Desktop. Here you will find a bunch of Atari ST prgs/info.
They have online a full compile of Flame of Finland and Pompey Pirates menu
disks, along with a game of the week and game of the week archive. There is
also the Fuji BBS which is a message board. Has great information to links
and new FTP sites and people do alot of trading on this message board. And
best yet... It's all Atari related in one way or another. They also have a
full supply of Atari roms in about 5 different languages. You can also pick
up some old demo scene disks off this great site... it's got everything! I
can assure you, this bookmark rates a 10 out of 10

Little Green Desktop - http://lgd.fatal-design.com/index.html

     Now for the #2 site on the RYdER's seal of approval. Atari Dungeon.
This is also a great site loaded with Atari proggy's. The only complaint I
had about this site was the HTML programming. ( maybe it was Netscape :P )
but when you load up another page within the main .html the screen would
not refresh and text would over lap. It really is the only downfall of this
page. Has some incredible software here. Here is a small overlook of the
page.

     Coding: Devpac v2+ Manual 68000 Instruction set ALL Atari Computers
Hardware Listings. Demo's: Demo's from the Lost Boys/TCB and more. Games:
Automation Menu's and some single games. Utils: Lots of great utils here!
Hacking/Copying/Packers/Accelerators/Art/desktops/etc... Misc: Ultimate
Ripper Pro BBs. And lots, lots more. Also has a Complete archive of Sewer
softwares Sewer Docs. This archive has documentation for hundreds of
games/utils/apps/etc. This site is not to be missed!

Atari Dungeon - http://www.big.du.se/~ford/

And here is a small list of other sites to grab some Atari ST software.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
SodreNet
ftp://ftp.sodre.net/pub/users/cmwagner/atari8/mirrors/ftp.hackerz.com/
pacifist/gamedisks/
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Medway Boys Menu's
http://www.geocities.com/SiliconValley/Vista/5975/medway.html
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Technicality Compile
http://www.technicality.com/
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
DemonBurps ST Emporium
http://homepages.iol.ie/~ajankows/st/pacifist.html
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
ST Relics
http://www.fatal.net/strelics/

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

[4] NEW VECTRONIX RELEASES by Phoenix/Vectronix [phoenix@weirdness.com]

     Here's the "x-mas presents" from Vectronix, these and also the
releases announced in VexNews #12 is available from the site below as a
temporary solution until we get our real site up again!

http://www.geocities.com/SiliconValley/Bay/9676/

VEXSTC2E.LZH   908210  STarCall v2.2b English (c) INLI Software [1/1]
VEXDC205.LZH    94214  DirCompare v2.05 (c) Reinhard Bartel [1/1]
VEXORGAN.LZH   221714  Organiser v1.23 (c) Benny Jurt Software [1/1]
VEXCAB26.LZH  1337920  CAB v2.6 + PPP Connect 1.2 + Fiffi 1.02 [1/1]
VEXJN102.LZH  1016726  Jinnee v1.02 German (c) A.S.H. Software [1/1]
VEXMM220.ZIP  1139974  MagiCMac v2.2.0 German (c) A.S.H. [1/1]

     STarCall is a very powerfull terminal program featuring fax, voice and
mailox modules, with other words most things you would ever need for
successfull communication. STarCall runs under ST,TT,Falcon,MagiC-PC/MAC.
This is the english release, the german version was announced in issue #12.

     DirCompare seems to be a real nice little utility which is able to
compare whole directory structures and the files within it to see if
they're differing. This can be very usefull sometimes....

     Organiser is a nice little util featuring calendar and other things to
to get your life better organised. Who wouldn't need such a software?! ;-)
This program was hacked in an earlier version by Vectronix for our
mailinglist subscribers exclusively, but here's finally the full release
available!

     Again we bring you the full unlimited latest version of the webbrowser
number one for the Atari! CAB v2.6 together with PPP Connect 1.2 and also a
new FTP client for the same called Fiffi v1.02. Not much more needs to be
said, check this out now!

     Vectronix brings you this new hot full version of Jinnee, the latest
of desktop replacements coming from Application System Heidelberg. People
have called it a mix of Ease/Thing and MacOS and I guess it's a quite good
description, no matter what, it's definately worth to check out!

     MagiCMac, the ultimate atari emulator for the Macintosh computer! This
latest version finally gives full MacOS 8 compability and support for Speed
Doubler among other things.

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

            The Vectronix News Mailing List (c) 1997 Vectronix,
                           All Rights Reserved.
