MAGNETIC INTERLUDE
~ESHER.FIL~
                           ==================     'The truth sounds like her
                           MAGNETIC INTERLUDE      counterpart'
                           ==================
                               by Slimer

INTRODUCTION             
------------

Welcome by the most time consuming article ever done by this editor. It seems
that my finger is F@cked up, thick layers of bandage is rapped around it
my over protective doctor. Everybody is making fun of it (jokes about amputa-
tion and other sadistic suggestions go around). Moral of this story never
play the game: Who can hit the hardest with a fist against the cupboard door!
Anyway I won and that's the most important thing ! 
I still have to write several articles for our MEGA diskmag, otherwise this
turns out to be a Maggie/ST News only production.

JOINT AGENCY
------------

I started this article without any real idea to write about. Maybe I could
pick on Chris for his sarcastic articles but he probably expects that from
me. So, I don't bother with it, although it's hard to resist. Well, a subject
has popped into mind, it's about our brand new diskmag agency ! The first
ever diskmag agency in the history of computing. We had/have several democrew
alliances and unions but the diskmags were always pretty much on the their
own. Now we finally molded some of them into a powerful agency. A vast
network of connections of important people in several different countries.
This diskmagazine is the first example of what we are capable of when we
combine forces. 


Several other joint productions can be expected in the near future (around
August this year and one next year). Avid readers of D.B.A. diskmag may
remember an early attempt at forming an alliance over a year ago. This
attempt took an early dive in the grave, mostly due to motivation problems at
my end. This time we finally pulled it off ...

RULES EXPLAINED
---------------

Magnetic Interlude is not meant to be a three member organization, we like to
expand our member base in near future. Not every disk magazine is allowed to
join, but certain publications may well hear from us soon. This sounds a bit
like a elite closed circuit thing but, we want to offer quality and avoid
the agency to grow out of hand. Future members will have to meet certain
'demands', like a proven track record, they must be well read, and written in
English etc. Ideas and suggestions of what this agency, can and will do, are
scattered around in this magazine. The biggest aim however is to form a
network of contacts between the various active Atari scenes, to get them
together ! Software circulation is not as good as it used to be, like in the
good old ST era. Great demos, mags, utils and games take forever before the
reach all of us ... 

EXIT
----

I would like to thank both Chris and Richard for their enthusiastic response 
to my idea, which I frankly didn't expect to be this big. Let's hope that
this will be a fruitful co-operation ! 

~RED.PAL~  

