
{*f1ACC 99{*f0

Saturday 13th November was the date of the second Atari show of the year. ACC
99 was hosted by Atari Computing who were doing a bit of a Goodbye celebration
througout the show. I visited all the stands to see just what they had to
offer.

{*f1MAGGIE TEAM{*f0

You can't have an Atari show without Maggie, and they did there best to annoy
the passing PC owners with showings of ST demos and the Falcon sound-to-light
synthesizer, Whip. Chris Holland was demonstrating Whip to the general public,
with music from ST demos being piped into the Falcon from his STE with, what
seemed like a mess of wire's. Trying to make as much noise as he could, Chris
even had his speakers on full volume. I quickly left before the whole thing
blew-up.

{*f1ELECTRONIC COW{*f0

EC didn't turn up in Spring (shame on you, guys), but they more than made up
for it this time around. Danny was showing off his software including the great
Squash It. Showing off his STacy (which even made Chris Crosskey's Falcon look
tiny), he was also selling a Mega STE and a TT for good prices. I only wish I
had enough cash with me for the TT. Danny had a bit of a mis-hap earlier on in
the morning when he reversed his car into a post. Oops, hope it's ok now.


{*f1ASP{*f0

The man himself, claim to fame having been on Robot Wars with a robot that got
it's ass kicked, and claiming to have pinched Phillipa Forrester's bum. Anyway,
as usual the man from Oxen brought a load of machine with various upgrades such
as the famous Serial mouse interface, Internal IDE interface for STE/STFM, and
first showing of the QWERTYX interface, designed by Mario Becroft. This time
though, the famous Acid demo didn't get a showing, but a little demo from
Checkpoint did.

{*f1ATARI COMPUTING{*f0

AC were having a bit of a celebration on there stand, as they will be leaving
us soon (aww). It was an oppotunity to purchase back issues of the magazine, as
well as the latest issue 15, and even issue 16 which is released towards the
end of the year! Various items of software were on sale, along with copys of
french atari publication, STraTOS.

{*f1ST PLUS FANZINE{*f0

Showing off an interesting presentation and a hands-on demonstration of ST Plus
online, the boys were busy answering questions and handing out disks with
STPlus htmlzine on.

{*f1TWAUG{*f0

TWAUG were busy with there 8-Bit user group stand, selling various items of
hardware and software and also copys of the club magazine.

{*f1CADENZA SOFTWARE{*f0

Matthew Bacon was out in force again with his products Web Wizard and Enchant,
and add-on for Hisoft Basic that gives you lots more powerful commands, and
full GEM and NVDI support. Web Wizard will soon be updated into a fully WYSIWYG
interface, giving the user a more powerful product.

{*f1SYSTEM SOLUTIONS{*f0

No show can be complete without the UK's biggest Atari reseller, System
Solutions. They were selling copys of Jinnee 2, a fantastic desktop from ASH
that combines the best features of Mac OS and Windows 98. Also on stand was the
first UK demonstration of the Phenix 060 prototype, a very promising machine
from Centek, and looks set to be on of the best computers ever. Along with the
usual array of software and hardware, there was an oppotunity to ask questions
the the team.

Altogether, it was a good show, but a bit small compared the the 1998 show.
Hopefully, I'll see you next year!

Simon Osborne (Carbon)
