THE LIGHT BRIGADE.

THE CHARGE OF THE LIGHT BRIGADE.

Do you remember the game Cohort ???
Well the Charge of the Light Brigade is a new version of the game made
by the same firm namely Impressions. The gameplay and the controls are
still the same only the pictures have changed. And also the scrolling 
around  the field is changed, and its really bad. The purpose of this 
game is a simulation from the battlefield from Balaklava in 1854 in
which the russian troops and a alliance from English, French and 
Trukish troops battle with one another.This battle field was part of 
the Krimbattle but none of them had a real victory. Now the player has 
the change to make history and make one of the party's the winner. Well
this all looks good but it isn't quite as good as Cohort. You can't 
scroll over the whole playfield cause it looks as if the processor 
can't handel it. So your left, without any orientation and you
can forget about any strategie you had in mind. The only thing you can 
do is trying to organise the chaos on the screen. The grapix and sound 
they look/sound nice, mainly battlenoise, but what use is it if you can't 
controle the game in any way. Nobody on the screen does what he should 
do, and everybody does what he wants to, and everybody seems to join 
in. Maybe the motto of the troops is the restless turles among the 
battlefield. So to be quite short about this one, leave it alone, it 
ain't good enough to spend your money on. Try some other simulation or 
other game...

                                            Bonus Software
 

