QUIET FAN FOR ST

          THE SOUND IS DEAFENING..........


Having saved enough money to buy me a super new Mega STE 
only to find out that Atari still had not learned from 
the past... The fan inside this Mega STE is so loud it's 
actually deafening... Roooaaarrrrr...
But ok, it's possible to live with that, if your already 
deaf... But when you are trying to make some decent 
music with this machine nothing is so irritating as a 
loud fan.

I looked over some magazines and found several solutions 
for the 'loud fan problem' most of them involve 
electronic or handcraft skill to install.

But on Sunday the 26th of January  when I was in 
Eindhoven at the Atari Benelux Expo, I found the perfect 
solution:

A fan with built in thermocontroller called:  PC-Demper

The price is fairly high at first sight (79 Dutch 
guilders) but compared to the external electronics you 
need with an ordinary fan it's not so bad. And you get a 
very high-tech fan indeed !!

Here are some basic facts: (quoted from the manual!, Yes 
you get 6 pages of manual with this fan)


This fan offers a superb 'easy-to-fit' solution for most 
of the Personal Computers around. With most of the 
computers the noise is produced by the hard-disk and the 
fan of the power supply. Nowadays as hard-disk get 
quieter, the fan is most the most audible noise source. 
A lot of computer users don't notice the noise anymore 
as they get accustomed to it. Nevertheless, loud noise 
still has it's impact on the human body. You loose 
concentration and get easily tired. Expecially in 
offices with more than one computer the PC-Demper can 
make a big difference.

The PC-Demper or Thermo-Fan is the best solution for 
this problem: it's a fan which varies it's speed 
according to the temperature of the inside of the 
computer, when temperature rises, the fan spins faster. 
Ok, this fan isn't noiseless but then again, which fan 
is ???

The PC-Demper has two special features, first it's built 
in a very special way so it produces a lot less noise.
The motor of the fan is a fully static system without 
brushes or collector. The blades of the fan are unlike 
most of the fan blades of other brands, aerodynamically 
designed, the housing of the fan is also constructed in 
such a way that the air flow is never obstructed.
The bearings of the fan are of the 'ball' type, and the 
whole fan has a expected life of over five years of 
continuous runnig (50.000 hours)!

Second it has built in electronics for controlling the 
speed of the fan according to the temperature.So it's 
the best of both worlds. No hasle with printed circuit 
boards which have to be mounted somewhere in the case of 
the power supply with sticky tape or something, it's all 
in one piece.

Installing the fan is quite easy, just remove the olde 
fan, install the new fan, cut the wires of the old fan 
and connect the wires of the PC-Demper with the supplied 
connecting blocks. A screwdriver and a pair of pliers 
will do the job.
You can choose to use the connecting blocks ('Scotchlock 
UY connector) or solder the wires together, both ways 
are possible, the package contains two connecting 
blocks, but also 'shrinking tube' to isolate soldered 
wires. You even get two so called 'Tie-Wraps' to bundle 
exessive wires together. Two rubber strips are supplied 
to fill in the space between the fan and the case if 
your old fan was a little more 'heavy-weight'.

If you accidently change the red and black wire, it will 
do the fan no damage, it just doesn't run...

For those who are interesetd, here are the tecnical 
specs (at the end of this article is the distributors 
name and address) :

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

SD 6018 BT Specification
========================

(1) SCOPE:

This specification defines the electrical and mechanical 
characteristics of the D.C. brushless axial fan, Auto 
cut-off, Auto-restart and thermic controlled.

(2) ELECTRICAL CHARACTERISTICS:

1.   Rated voltage                    : 12 V DC

2.   Operating voltage                : 10,2 to 13,8 V

3.   Air flow                         : 0,32 M3/min (25C)  
     at rated voltage, zero air flow    0,70 M3/min (50C)
     (minimal value)

4.   Input current                    : 0,10 A (25C)
                                        0,15 A (50C)

5.   Input power                      : 1,2 W (25C)
                                        1,8 W (50C)

6.    Speed                           : 3000 rpm (25C)
                                        5500 rpm (50C)

7.    Life                            : 50.000 hours
                                        continous at <40C

(3)   MECHANICAL CHARACTERISTICS:

1.    Dimension                       : will fit most 
                                        Mega ST/STE and
                                        TT models.

2.    Frame material                  : PBT + fibre 30%

3.    Impeller material               : PBT + fibre 15%

4.    Bearing system                  : Ball bearing

5.    Weight                          : 60 grams


(4)   ENVIRONMENTAL:

1.    Drop test: Designed to withstand one free body 
      drop from 30cm in height onto 10mm thick wooden 
      board. (I didn't test this one...)

2.    Acoustic noise                  : max 32 dBA at 1m

(5)   PROTECTION:

1.    Polarity protection:
      The circuit withstands reversed connection between 
      positive and negative leads.

2.    Locked rotor protection:
      Motor winding protects the motor from damage in 72 
      hrs of locked rotor condition at rated voltage.


The distributor for this fan in Holland is:


               Microstorm Electronics
               P.O. box 12134
               1100 AC  AMSTERDAM
               tel:  020-6132268


----

Well, what more can I say, it's running great in my 
machine, I only hear my harddisk now.....

                    KGE

