ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  "BARS" - sneak preview of a new puzzle game
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Because of  the fact that I'm beta  testing this  game I was  allowed to write a
little teaser for that game for UCM by the author.

ó"BARS"ð is a co-production by  òYES CREWð and òSECTOR ONEð, namely  òSWEð and òEDOð, that
is scheduled for release  at the next years'  ñERROR IN LINEð party. The game will
run on any ST and Falcon and is a puzzle game in the  style of ó"TOWERS OF HANOI"
or something.

The aim of the game is to sort  3 tiles of the same  colour/texture  together to
delete them from the screen. The  playfield is 4 rows in  size and randomly more
and more tiles are added to it so that after a while 4 little towers  growing on
the screen and as the game will  end when it reaches  the top of  the screen you
have  to hurry and  pile up the tiles  in a clever way. Where  cleverness  isn't
available  fast eyes and fingers  are from  big  help as  well and since you can
just carry one  item each time  it is supposed to be a piling  up orgy in higher
levels.

ñThe single player version is up and running atm and it looks like this one...

{*i BARS.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

So far the game  includes just  one level mode and so  it isn't that hard so far
as the tiles didn't appear too fast on  the screen and so  after a while it is a
bit boring. But so far  this is just a quite  early beta. In the future a lot of
things are planned to be added, such  as a 2 player battle  mode with 2 screens,
ofcourse rising  levels, several  goodies and  extra stones and  maybe even some
more stone  sets and other stuff. Furthermore  it is planned  to bring  it along
with an original set of chip musix as well.

So far the  game features originally  drawn grafix  by EDO with an ok quality as
well  as a set  of different  chip musix  that  were ripped  from somewhere. The
controls are very easy and the whole thing is controlled with the keyboard.
As special feature the game  changes its major colours  at any start  and so the
screen is sometimes hold in blue, then in  green or brown colours, nice one, and
I thought it was a bug at first ;)

ñSo what? The single player  version is  a nice  little puzzler, if  all  planned
ñfeatures will be  included. It  wont knock  anyone from the  chair but will be a
ñnice break filler  after all. Atm I doubt  that it will top one of the RESERVOIR
ñGODS releases but it shows  very good  that also other  people have something in
ñtheir cellars to work on. I hope  that the two player battle mode will raise the
ñgaming fun a lot and I  also hope to see a  battle mode against a computer enemy
ñwith variable strength...

Anyway, don't kick your ST too far under your  desk/table or something, there is
still some gaming stuff  in the pipeline  for it. Watch out if you like frantick
puzzle games.

ó_ò.tSCc.ó__________________________________________________________òmoondogó_ò11/2k2ó_

update... o6/2k3... still not released :(
