ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           CONSTRUCT CREW MENU oo1
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system... ST, STe, STEEM!, 512 KB RAM, RGB

credits.. compile, intro, pack by Cosmo

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It is quite  strange but even in the  year 2oo2 a new  team (?) is popping up to
bring us a new compact disk series. This new team is called ò"THE CONSTRUCT CREW"
but seems to be an one-man-team so far as the whole thing is announced by òCOSMOð,
he did  the intro and  packed all  together. Btw. he  claims to  be "back on the
scene" even if I don't remember a group with this name before... hope we will be
enlighted more some day...

Ok. ñThe first dull thing happened after leeching the file and depacking it... it
ñoffers just a .ST file! Arf!ð Because  I wasn't in  the mood to start this depack
maraton to bring  it to my ST (who seems to be damaged...) I used STEEM to check
the disk out, urgs.

After a quite long loading  time the intro  appears... and... hum... this one is
bringing us a scrolly, green starfield, disting logo  and sound analyzers... and
this looks so much like  a DCK screen that I even  mustn't check out the file to
know that it  was one... jau... since I played around with DCK in the past a lot
I know that it isn't  a real work to put  an intro together with it and so it is
no real menu as well.. if you want to get rid from this intro just press -Space-
to come back to the desk.

Here 4 windows are opening and as it was in the old times, the  drive icons were
removed from the desk... I never liked this "joke" in the  past and I don't like
it today... just tell me what use this has?!

The disk offers as contents: FRONTIER ELITE 2, OUTRUN, TCB TRACKER v2.o and last
but not least FASTCOPY 3... wow! ñCool stuff! I was always searching for it! Nah,
ñI'm just  kiddin...ð I really  wonder about the  sense  of this  compile. In fact
COSMO  announced to pack the  best stuff together on  the disx that maybe  isn't
available on the net for download  but I can say  easily that those contents are
far away from being rare at all...

And so only a few question signs are left in my mind... In  fact the whole stuff
written in the intro  is bull as it surely isn't the hit to support the ST scene
as it obviously is  done for the emulation scene mainly, this shows the dull .ST
format. Furthermore  I don't  see any sense  in packing stuff  that is 8, 12 and
more years old and overall  was spreaded like hell in  the past. At first, FCOPY
was always in the PD, appeared  on many places on  the net, esp. on the most ftp
servers and in  surely all PD series and at second, what use does it have on the
emulation?! I  guess  none. Furthermore, as the games  are cracks (what else?) I
wonder why he is trying  to spread FCOPY 3  if FCOPY PRO is around "for free" on
many places as well and overall the better one...

I don't have anything against a  renaissance of the compiles scene, but this one
is surely going the wrong way. If you really want to support the Atari scene, so
use at least the MSA Packer that is the most used and traditional disk packer on
ST and also readable on emulation, too.

Furthermore, ñtry to bring some more original and rare stuffð or your disx will be
deleted after they were checked  out since the stuff  appeared on  so many other
compacts  before that it is  impossible to count them. I know that it is hard to
do so but I know  of several software  that never appeared on compacts before...
There is just a bit bigger effort needed to find those items.

And, at last, ñplease don't use the DCKð... I really know that  the DCK is able to
bring some really weird stuff onto  the screen, as SPIRAL and OXBAB showed once,
before they created DIAMOND DESIGN and started  real code... but we have  really
seen enough of those 3rd and 4th class intros, just  remember many BSW intros or
GERMS intros or even some .tnb. intros, arf... ;)

As good the idea may be to create a new compact disx series, as bad is the first
result, this menu here. ñA pure "leech, watch  once and  delete it" itemð, nothing
more at all.

ó_ò.tSCc.ó__________________________________________________________òmoondogó_ò12/2k2ó_
