ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  "ECHOS v1.1" by DHS, Evolution and New Beat
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system... Falcon, 4 MB RAM, RGB/VGA, FPU

credits.. code - deez of evolution
                 evl of dhs
                 gizmo of dhs
                 thomas of new beat
          gfx  - c-rem of mjj prod
          msx  - thomas of new beat
                 nemo

release.. Error In Line 2k3, took 1st place at the intro competition
          released o5/o3

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is the òwinning  introð from the Error In Line 2k3 and also the second, a bit
polished version. As the ACE replay  routines take a bit too  much CPU time they
decided to offer owners of faster Falcons the option to use delayed replay while
the standard users can chose an ordinary replay routine.

This intro was fast hacked together on the Error In Line with parts from DHS and
EVOLUTION and  features the first music created with NEW BEAT's ACE tracker in a
demo at all and only the fact that  the tune just  needed a few KB shows off the
mighty capabilities of this tracker.

The intro  starts after  the selector screen with  a black screen and we see the
logos of the three involved bands  popping in. The music starts to play an seems
to be a completely  synthetical  tune  without  ordinary samples!?! òSounds quite
òstunning! As they  vanished  they make  place for  a ònice looking galaxyð made of
shaded partycles. This one fades  out and on the right side a 16 colours picture
of a devil or something  with a very  long tongue  scrolls in  while on the left
side a big grey environment mapped vector star turns its rounds.

Then we get  some shaded flares stuff, followed by a swedish flag made of vector
cubes in blue and  yellow colours that is  waving in front  of a little picture,
showing a cat or something. Here  it is strange  that in the first version I got
of this intro, the  music doesn't  plays anymore  while in this  new version the
picture in the background is buggy and just a bunch of lines.

After this  one we  see an outlined  vector star  again that  has many enlighted
particles on its edges as well as big swarm  of shaded dots  or something flying
around it. All objects  are hold in  orange/brown  colours and gave the screen a
little gloomy touch. Really nice screen, that is followed by the shaded partycle
galaxy again that moves in changed form now.

The next effect is a little 3d world, showing 2 halfround bows  that are staying
like gates on the ground as filled vectors as well as little  filled vector cube
flying  around between  them. Unfortunately  this  scenery  doesn't  looks  very
stunning as it obviously lacks colours as for example the cube  has on some side
the same colour as the ground and this looks not that good...

Before we reach the last part a  space picture  is displayed  on the screen that
seems to have just 16 colours again and  after a while the logos of the involved
groups  zooming in as  flat vector letters  in blue  colour. To be serious, this
screen looks quite worse in this way, as the colours aren't wisely chosen.

The last part offers a little picture in indian touch that may have good matched
into  the "Mahabarata" demo while  on the right side  the credits and  some info
are scrolling up. This screen comes  along with  another ACE tracker music, this
time done by Nemo and also very good.

òFinal words... Unfortunately  you can see  the hurry in that this demo was build
ò               together. The effects  itself are  mostly quite  nice, especially
ò               the shaded partycle galaxy and the vector stuff in the first part
ò               but the  demo obviously  lacks a lot of design. While the screens
ò               itself  have  in  parts  a nice  atmosphere  there  are  no  real
ò               transitions between the single parts  and somehow it  looks as it
ò               doesn't belongs all together. The pixel score is well done but to
ò               use 16 colour ST pictures  in a Falcon productions isn't state of
ò               the art. Therefore the  musix are  a mess and  even if the player
ò               needs a lot of CPU time at the moment  I guess that more and more
ò               people will try to use  ACE musix in their productions as you can
ò               save a lot of space  with them and  they're  sounding  completely
ò               different to usual trackerstuff.

ó___ðratingsó______________________________________________________________________

ñvisuals.......ð  7o % ñ- nice pictures but only 16 colours
ñaudio.........ð  95 % ñ- the msx give just a little glimpse of ACEs' technics
ñeffects.......ð  75 % ñ- mixed, some are nice and some... erm...
ñdesign........ð  6o % ñ- the demo looses style the longer it runs...
ñoriginality...ð  65 % ñ- for using ace tracks and some of the first effects

ó___ðOveralló______ð73ó_ð%ó____________________________________________________________

"Echos" is a nice  little intro  and has won the competition  with right, but in
fact it suffers  a bit under the fast  putting together that obviously avoided a
better styling.

ó_ñ.tSCc.ó__________________________________________________________ñmoondogó_ño5/2k3ó_
