ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  "_" by Escape
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system ... Falcon o3o, 4 MB RAM, RGB, VGA (1oo Hz)

credits .. code - charon / escape
                  no / escape
           gfx  - flash / tnb
           msx  - 5o5 / checkpoint

release .. may 8 2oo3, shown first at Error In Line 2oo3
           demo took the ñ1st placeð in Falcon demo compo

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

14 days after the party was held, finally the winning demo, again by Escape, was
released  for public. The  crowd was  anxiously  waiting  for this  new piece of
coding madness, to see it finally on their  home systems. So we will go straight
for the review here and cut the crap...

At first, Escape matched it to create a ñbog standard demoð, again. In fact it was
interesting to see only standard Falcon demos in the competition at all. No FPU,
FastRAM or 14 MB or acceleration cards, just bog standard Falcon stuff, that are
ñcool newsð for the community  I think, even if this doesn't means that there wont
be accelerated  demos in  the future, but the  delayed CTo6o is just braking out
the development of such specialised demos a lot... good for the standard users..

After  loading the  demo you  can see an "_" sign  blinking  in the  lower right
corner of the black screen. A very  science fiction movie oriented  music starts
to play  and we're  starting to  fly slowly  through a  blurred blue tunnel with
curves. This  together comes  already ñvery niceð, as well  as the  coming smaller
effects, just as a vector ball made out of lines that build  enlighted points on
the contact points. This one is again and  again blurred  as well, and so is the
environment mapped vector star as well.

At next  the known Escape logo, an "E" comes  up, where the middle bar builds an
arrow. It is also an  environment mapped vector, in  the blue/grey style we know
from "Hmmm..." and their "Chosneck # 3" intro  too. The logo builds three of the
same logos, turning around one axis  in the middle, it  turns faster  and faster
and then the arrows were shot away and the music starts to go completely mad.
Now there  isn't something  left from  the slow  intro music  and we  get a hard
stomping noisy and dark technoing tune (what a sentence, arf ;)
ñI really like this kind of musicð and it reminds me some way to "Hmmm...", too.

{*i ESCAPE.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

òYou have to see that moving!

The background turns  dark purple and  we see a vector cube, in grey/blue/orange
colours, flying around on the screen. This one is build out of many small cubes.
While there are again and again lightnings enlighting the scenery with the beats
of the  music, the cube starts to  part itself, the  little cubes starting to be
stretched and  disted very mad while the music gets really crazy. ñLooks coolð but
falls a bit back behind the other stuff.

Then an Escape logo, build up of many small texture  mapped vector cubes scrolls
in, zooms in and flies finally into the  direction of the viewer, then the parts
of the logo are falling apart and the textured cubes are flying into the viewers
direction to be deleted from the screen. ñNice effect, but they can do better...

At next the music changes, it's now slow, dark and noisy, the screen turns black
too and a white blurred line vector cube appears on the screen, blinks from time
to  time and  has little  white blob  jumping around  in  itself. Then  the blob
explodes into many  little white points that are  jumping around in the cube and
that are enlighted if they  cross another  point. ñThis effect reminds me again a
ñlittle bit to "Hmmm..."

And finally, the  effect that liked the  crowd very much at the  party, comes up
onto my screen too. At  first the  music changes a  little bit again, now into a
very relaxed oldschoolish trackertune, a  starfield appears on the screen and...
the cute  little Atari bee as  big gouraud shaded  vector object flies around on
the screen, in blue/orange colours. Later on it even starts to move their wings,
but not like a bee, more like a butterfly, not really realistic but again ña real
ñ"woah" effect. Very well done!

{*i BEE.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

òSsssssssssssssssting.... aaaaouh...

But this peaceful  scene doesn't  lasts too long  as suddenly one  of the arrows
that were shot in the intro of the  demo snips onto the screen and hits the bee,
the music returns into  a very aggressive  state and the next  scenery offers us
a line of environment mapped  tins without ground  and cover and the arrow flies
through them like  through a tunnel. This  is shown from  different perspectives
and in quite fast speed and makes this ñvery impressive again.

In the end the arrow  finds its end  in the environment mapped Escape logo again
and the  demo ends  with 2 end pictures  without movement, done  in grey colours
and in  ña very designish styleð, that  are giving  us the  credits and  the usual
"the end" logo for the demo. To come back to the desk you just have to hit Space
then.

óAnd the little trip is over...

Final words... Without  any doubt a  real cool demo  and with  right the winning
               demo at Error In Line 2oo3. But right  after the party there were
               voices that said that "Hmmm..." was the better demo and you could
               feel a bit  disappointment about "_". But  is this real? And so I
               watched both  demos again and  again, and I have  to say that "_"
               creates  not such a big  atmosphere as "Hmmm...", but  makes this
               the demo not as good?! I wouldn't say that. The problem of "_" is
               the fact that  it doesn't  brings revolutionary  new effects onto
               our screens, "just" much more optimized "Hmmm..." routines at the
               first impression. But if you look twice  the 3d routines are very
               impressive  for a  standard  Falcon  demo  and I  don't  remember
               another demo  so far that  offers  such  big and  detailed vector
               stuff in such resolutions and  such speed on a bog standard Fo3o.
               Furthermore some  people might haven't  checked it out  still, it
               wasn't No, who coded the "Hmmm..." routines, but  Charon who gave
               us with "_" a slight impression of his DSP activities and this is
               the breaking point, that  Charon, who  didn't  stepped  that much
               into the scene  spot lights so far matched it to create big parts
               of a demo that nobody thought another one except No would be able
               to do... Sure, "_" suffers a bit under the "Hmmm..." hype as some
               people might have waited for bigger steps after two years, but we
               have to  think about  the frontiers  of our systems  now, they're
               surely still not reached but the Escape coders are already moving
               in quite thin air now and I doubt that we will see such big steps
               in  development on  standard machines  again as in 2oo1. But  I'm
               already going to  write crap... maybe I  will express my thoughts
               in another articles about this topic.
               "_" lives definitly from the polished 3d routines  and a few very
               nice ideas, such as  the animated  vector bee  and the thing with
               the arrows. Furthermore  the design  and ofcourse  the  very cool
               music are kicking the demo even further

ó___ðratingsó______________________________________________________________________

ñvisuals.......ð  7o % ñ- again quite sparse used pixels, but well done pictures
ñaudio.........ð 1oo % ñ- what to say, the score should say all! I love it!
ñeffects.......ð  9o % ñ- massive vector stuff again in all sorts
ñdesign........ð  85 % ñ- very nice design and timing, but some breaks in style
ñoriginality...ð  85 % ñ- nothing revolutionary, but again tuned vector routines

ó___ðOveralló______ð86ó_ð%ó____________________________________________________________

86%?! In comparison "Hmmm..." matched 88% ... The little fall back belongs to the
breaks  in  the  design  that "Hmmm..." didn't  had, as  well  as the  fact  that
"Hmmm..." impressed the viewer a bit more 2 years ago with its cool routines.
But anyway, still a stunning  demo that may get a quite good place in the overall
Falcon demo Top 1o.

ó_ò.tSCc.ó__________________________________________________________òmoondogó_òo5/2k3ó_
