ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           "GRIMEY" by RESERVOIR GODS
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system ... STe, MegaSTe, STeem 2.4, 1 MB RAM, RGB (5o Hz)

credits .. code - damo / reservoir gods
                  mr pink / reservoir gods
           gfx  - sh3 / reservoir gods
           msx  - damo / reservoir gods

release .. Error In Line 2oo3, ranked 4th at the ST demo competition

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"GRIMEY" was Damo's first appearance  under the Reservoir Gods label. The former
Redlite member was quite unknown to the scene and made speak over itself through
its music for the never released "Binliner" demo by Avena.

While Griff's works are quite oldschoolish, Damo made some other steps, but read
by yourself now...

The demo starts with some very strange effects stuff, reminding to some dithered
sunblobs stuff, we could  see already  by Escape  for the "DHS Summercompo 2oo1"
entry. The effects  coming along with some  kind of drum'n'bass music that seems
to be mixed with chip noises. òSounds very cool and quite outstanding.
The dithering stuff is mixed with some small sayings that are displayed randomly
on the screen. Later on  also a very abstract  Reservoir Gods logo is displayed,
as well as a Grimey logo.

After some screens with different dither styles another effect comes up, looking
like  barbed wire  in  kind of a  sky mapper. In  the right  low border  a small
Grimey logo  appears  to the beat of  the music on the  screen and  later on the
dither effect pops in, too, but then the barbed wire thing stops to move.

{*i GRIMEY1.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

ñ...again... you have to see it in movement...

And in  this strange  style it  goes on... The barbed wire  appears as  rotative
zoomer, the dithering stuff  comes up again  and the  credits are presented with
òquite stylish logosð for every single involved member.

òA little a-ha-effect is the wolfenstein  routineð that comes  up later. But to be
serious, it  doesn't  looks  that  good at  home  on  the  monitor  anymore. The
textures  on the walls are  dithered, the whole  screen itself  is black. So the
effect  reminds me a  bit to some 4K or even 256byte Wolfenstein routines. It is
not really  bad but in fact we are  a bit spoiled  by the works  of other coders
like Ray or Defjam nowadays. ;) A  thing that  is quite cool  at this routine is
the fact that it is shaded and the farer parts seem to be a bit darker.

{*i GRIMEY2.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

ñ...no Hitlers, no swastikas, no SS guards?! Definitly this can't be Wolfenstein!

Then we get some bigger Grimey logo overlayed by the  strange dither effect that
looks sometimes even a  little bit  like a plasma. And then the Grimey logo from
the  intro  is  displayed  again and  the  demo  ends, leaving  a  noise  in the
background and if you press space you come back to the desk.

ñFinal words... GRIMEY is  splitting the  impression a lot. The  quite cool musix
ñ               and the strange design are fighting against mediocre and too much
ñ               used effects. No question, the  dither stuff still looks cool and
ñ               the barbed  wire things  aren't  bad either, but  somehow  I miss
ñ               something. In fact the demo makes the  same failure as the one by
ñ               Griff, given into the same competition. While other groups try to
ñ               pack as much different stuff into their demos as possible, the RG
ñ               demos try to live  from not even  a handful of different effects,
ñ               that are stretched through the whole demo. That doesn't runs well
ñ               as you could see  at the  competition, esp. since  you wont run a
ñ               demo that often, that doesn't offers very much stuff to look at.

ó___ðratingsó______________________________________________________________________

ñvisuals.......ð  75 % ñ- the logos and fonts are mostly very stylish
ñaudio.........ð  85 % ñ- very cool and strange chip-drum'n'bass music
ñeffects.......ð  5o % ñ- dithered plasma blobs stuff, barbed wire zoomer, w3d
ñdesign........ð  75 % ñ- nice and strange style
ñoriginality...ð  45 % ñ- only a few effects that aren't that new

ó___ðOveralló______ð66ó_ð%ó____________________________________________________________

The best  RG demo in the competition, but far  too short and  too few effects to
leave steady memories.

ó_ò.tSCc.ó__________________________________________________________òmoondogó_òo5/2k3ó_
