ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               "Delta" by LineOut
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system... Falcon, 4 MB RAM, RGB/VGA

credits.. code - earx of lineout/fun
          gfx  - havoc of lineout/fun
                 evl of dhs
          msx  - dforce of lineout/fun
                 earx of lineout/fun
                 frequent of ephidrena
                 laxical of the silents

release.. o1/o3

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LineOut?! Surely this label may have painted the one or other question mark into
the eyes of  several readers, but  the puzzle  solves itself if you read through
the credits. LineOut is  nothing other  than the  new label  by  Earx of Fun. He
decided  to use this one to leave the unproductive and uncooperative Fun members
behind... and brings us his new full time Falcon demo under this label now...

"Delta" is  build up of 3 different  parts including  a menu  screen and you can
either chose a single part  to watch or start a  special part, but here you have
to watch the whole rest of the demo then. But before this, let's go step by step
with loading the demo.

After loading a  little info screen appears for the screen settings and a detail
button. Maybe I am wrong but I couldn't find out really if I switched the detail
on or off as I didn't saw a big difference (or no?) in the demo then.

At first a pixeled LineOut  logo appears on the  screen, made by Havoc, followed
by a presents and a  triangle line vector  object, that gets delayed then and is
some  kind of  logo for  the "Delta" demo. Anyway, it turns its  rounds with the
feedback effect and then the menu screen  appears, offering  you to chose one of
the 3 demo parts or to leave the scenery. All this happens in complete silence.
Ok, let's browse through the demo...

ò...Part A...

I must say it  right here, it  seems as Pieter had cleaned up his harddisk here,
as he  bombs us  with a load of effects that  were already  seen  before in many
other demos and often in better quality too. You get the most things to see here
that  were  released  in the  demos of  the late  nineties, tunnels, zooming and
disting textures, melt-o-vision  effects, glasballs that are joining each other,
raytracing  balls, water wave  effects, sky and floor  mappers, a  flight over a
landscape and so on. Unfortunately those effects are combined with in parts very
ugly colours (yellow and pink...) and a  tracker tune by DForce that sounds like
he would be 1o years old (the tune, not Dforce... ;)
Unfortunately I have to say that I watched this part of the demo just two times,
at first as I got the demo  and then for this  test. It offers no real "boah" fx
and looks a bit loveless smashed together... I have to say I was a bit disturbed
to see Pieter crawling out all those old thingies... The only better thing was
a lighsourced grey texture tunnel short before the end of this part.

ò...Part B...

But now  Pieter shows  that he  can do  much better... At first, with Part B the
music changes a lot into a real nasty industrial noise soundtrack.
Then he starts an orgy  of environment mapped  3d stuff that  shows off the last
steps  he made in  his coding  skills. We can see  some triangle  vectors flying
around on the screen  and then we  are flying  through them  as they're building
some kind of tunnel. In the  middle of  the screen a gold coloured vector object
appears and when the  triangles are vanished, some  blue lightnings appearing to
the beat of the music around this vector object.

After some  kind of waterdrops  effect or something the grey lightsourced tunnel
from part A comes back, followed by two vector spirals that are moving into each
other. The  next one  is a real cool  thing... you can  see 4 env. mapped golden
vector rings  on the screen in  different size, that are moving  together around
and turning around different axis' to move together in one direction at the end.
Check the screenshot below...

{*i DELTA1.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

ñ...not to forget that the movement is quite fast...

This already cool effect is followed by  another one, showing  a bigger bunch of
env mapped vector stars that are moving in a waveform over the screen.
After  another landscape  flight we  can see 3 half  env mapped  balls  that are
hollow and moving together timed to the music. This is a very abstract scenery.
But the following one  brings  the  first  real "wow" effect, as two env. mapped
vector  cogwheels  appearing on  the  screen, moving  together. Then  an axis is
stuck into one  of them and  on the other  end of  this axis two  more cogwheels
appearing, all still in movement. This looks really good, a nice idea.
The next one looks a bit known to us and  reminds slightly to the "Hmmm" demo by
Escape as it brings also a lined cube in environment  mapping including a little
triangle vector  inside, mapped  as well. All moves quite  smooth and is of very
reasonable size.

We go on  with some  strange caleidoscope effects  and then the  screen with the
four rings that  was mentioned  above appears  in a  similar  form but using now
square  vectors  in the same  way. Another  strange  vector  object comes up and
zooms away then and as the screen  turns black the  music  changes from the very
hard style into a more groovy one.

At first we see now some kind of feedback effect in a  strange dither  style and
the grey  lightsourced  tunnel appears  again, followed  by an  animated strange
ring-a-like vector object. This one finally turns away and makes place for...

ò...Part C...

The music now changes into a more relaxed  one and we  start with a textured sea
star that is slightly  animated and  gives the impression  to fall down onto the
ground of the ocean. As he found his place besided another one the whole scenery
gets darker and the bumpmapped.

At  next we  see some  textured mussel shells in different styles, that are also
animated  and swimming around on the  screen. The best  one is  a big "ammonit",
you  know  those  spiraled  big  things? At  next we  see some  kind of animated
textured bubbles that  are moving  upwards and leave a bit the impression to see
a jellyfish from above without tentacles.

Following is a  fractal plant that was shown in a similar way in "Terrorise Your
Soul" and  is animated as  well, building  up quite  impressive bushes. We go on
with another water wave effect that  builds up another cogwheel in the end, sure
as little reminder  to part B, followed by a very cool textured and lightsourced
metaballs effect.

Then we  see some  mapped vector  stars  that are  surrounded  by some  partycle
effect, that  flies around on the screen like a komet while the vector stars are
flying around him. This looks also very cool...

{*i DELTA2.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

ñArf... I should search a possibility to include animations here ;)

And we still haven't  reached the end, as a  pulsating  purple/blue vector comes
up flying around together with a starfield. Looks also quite nice.
The music changes a bit and  sounds like a hard  breathing  human while a big 3d
ifs fractale is build up in the background that moves around.
This is followed by another very strange vector stuff, also  coloured in purple-
blue again and then animated mandelbrot stuff comes up, and again  those strange
vector stuffs. Here I'm running out of words as the whole scenery is  build with
animated, pulsating and moving texture mapped vectorstuff.

The screen turns  black and the  writing "all these worlds are yours" is printed
onto the screen, followed by some big  dots galaxies  in  different forms, while
the  greetings and  credits appearing. A  real nice  end part as this quite long
trip is over now...

òFinal words... "Delta" leaves a  quite mixed  impression. I have  to  say that I
ò               was a bit disturbed after I saw the first part, that  looked more
ò               like a step backwards, in the  wrong direction, with the  effects
ò               and the  whole style  and music. Therefore  the two  other  parts
ò               bringing  quite  good effects  onto the  screen, very  big vector
ò               stuff  that shows that Pieter is  working  hard  to  hold  up the
ò               contact to the top coder  league. Some of the  shown screens have
ò               really a special  flair and  the musical  score  is  a mess as it
ò               hits my taste  very well. Unfortunately  the  few design  effects
ò               aren't  enough, those  many  black  screens surely hadn't must be
ò               and  this is  surely  a big  drawback for  the  whole  demo as it
ò               doesn't features many  good transitions or design  elements. Some
ò               screens really create a  special  atmosphere, but  the whole demo
ò               itself looks a bit smashed together loveless. Sorry to say so...

ó___ðratingsó______________________________________________________________________

ñvisuals.......ð  6o % ñ- some nice pixels, fonts and textures
ñaudio.........ð  7o % ñ- the first track lowers the score a lot!
ñeffects.......ð  8o % ñ- a big bunch of vector stuff with mappings and so on
ñdesign........ð  5o % ñ- some parts are cool, others look quite ugly (Part A)
ñoriginality...ð  65 % ñ- the 1st part destroys the score again...

ó___ðOveralló______ð65ó_ð%ó____________________________________________________________

If the first part  wouldn't have been included the demo surely  would  have got
a better rating, for example I  would have  rated the  musix  from part B and C
with about 85 % at least... as well as design and originality had made a little
step higher, too. But... it isn't the fact and I have to rate the demo at once,
with all parts...

ó_ò.tSCc.ó_________________________________________________________òmoondogó_òo2/2k3ó_
