ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       "MIND REWIND" by RESERVOIR GODS
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system ... STe, 1 MB RAM, STeem 2.4, RGB

credits .. code - griff / reservoir gods
                - mr pink / reservoir gods
           gfx  - sh3 / reservoir gods
                  master
           msx  - damo / reservoir gods
                  count zero / electronic images

release .. Error In Line 2oo3, ranked 3rd in 96K competition

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After the "Hallucinations" demo with "Mind Rewind" the second appearance  of the
new Reservoir Gods coder, Griff (any explanations  are wasted here  as everybody
should have heard of him), comes  up on the ST  or better STe, this  time with a
tiny 96K intro.

A review of "Hallucinations" can be found here...

ñ>---> Hallucinations review <---<                                                  {*\HALLUCIN.TXT}

Ok, after loading  the intro the  screen turns back  and a scroller, 4 planes as
it seems, appears on the screen, saying  such old stuff  like "If you think this
was all, you're so wrong..."... hehe. Together with the very oldschoolish module
soundtrack, that reminds to the first mod soundtracks  ever done on Atari demos,
this gives the whole  thing a very "dejavu'ing" touch. Just one  thing should be
already clear now, as it was already in "Hallucinations" we  surely will not see
a "new school" demo here...

And  so it goes  on, the scroller  starts  to swing up  and down and  finally it
appears in the lower border, while on the screen itself vertical rasters in very
different forms, scrolling, disting and zooming, are  coming up. The colours are
chosen quite well but after all this screen looks so damn outdated...

After different screens with the vertical rasters, we  come to SH3's competition
picture, that comes  along with  an unspectacular  Mind Rewind logo. The picture
starts to dist  after a  while and goes mad  while disting. In  the end even the
whole screen starts  to flip while  the picture  is still wabbling around. Looks
not bad but somehow I feel to watch the wrong movie...

{*i MIND2.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

ñIs this the effect of sangria and sun onto the head?!

At last effect, keftales in quite unusual  colours are  displayed, you know that
colourcycling blinking stuffs that were shown in so many demos before. And after
this one we get a sample, saying  something with "rewind" and  showing some wind
back arrows and suddenly the whole demo  starts to run backwards  with the usual
video recording streams on the screen while rewinding the tape in search mode...

Real crazy  idea, esp. since  even the music  sounds quite  fucked up and as the
whole demo is gone, we get a simple Reservoir Gods logo and the demo is over...

òFinal words... What to say, "Mind Rewind" shows that there is an oldschool coder
ò               sticking behind it. It stays  far away  from the releases we know
ò               from several gone parties and seems to make a  step back 1o years
ò               ago. Unfortunately I doubt that the people are mad about all this
ò               stuff that was seen so often before. Besides the old  effects the
ò               demo also doesn't kicks ass with the grafix and  musix. Therefore
ò               the funny idea with running  the whole demo  backwards gains some
ò               points for  originality. But the  rest, erm... sorry, looks a bit
ò               like my demo collection from 1o years ago.

ó___ðratingsó______________________________________________________________________

ñvisuals.......ð  55 % ñ- the fonts and pixel stuff aren't mind blowing...
ñaudio.........ð  5o % ñ- quite old schoolish tracker tune
ñeffects.......ð  25 % ñ- very outdated, disting, vertical rasters, keftales
ñdesign........ð  3o % ñ- call it "early nineties usual demo design"
ñoriginality...ð  4o % ñ- only the "rewind the demo" idea is funny and new

ó___ðOveralló______ð4oó_ð%ó____________________________________________________________

"Mind Rewind" is  much too old  schoolish, unfortunately  too far  and brings us
stuff onto the screen we have already  seen in that style  in 1992 or something.
That really knocks no ass of the chair nowadays.

ó_ò.tSCc.ó__________________________________________________________òmoondogó_òo5/2k3ó_
