ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         "MJJ Slideshow 2" by MJJ Prod
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system... ST, STe, Falcon, 1 MB RAM, RGB/VGA, Steem 2.4

credits.. code - kiksoft
                 strider
          gfx  - c-rem
                 niko
                 wilfried
          msx  - baggio of evolution
                 evl of dhs

release.. o6/o3

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

òAaaaaaarg! moondog  is going  to review another MJJ production  and it  is a new
òslideshow, so down on your knees and pray to god!

So be serious, the rumour  about a new  slideshow is  swinging around since many
months already and so  we all were prepared  for the things  to come somehow and
since the waves are flatted with the time, we  will take a sneak look  onto this
new thing, knowing to be prepared to run like hitting a bees nest.

This new one was announced with having almost never seen pictures in it and so I
was a bit curious to see them and I did it, I started a slideshow again!

It starts  with a nice  picture by C-Rem with  the title and some kind of ork or
some other monsterous subject, then  two eyes are  blinking on  black ground and
then the  intro screen  appears, showing  a MJJ logo  on the upper border of the
screen, below you have a  starfield that  flies in different  directions and two
little kiksoft logos that are blinking to the beat of the chip  drum music. Then
some informations are displayed in swinging lines made with a one plane font and
in english (horray!). This screen was coded by Kiksoft btw, who already has done
the little New Year intro and what to say, the intro doesn't looks that bad...

Holding the breath I pressed space. Btw, when  the demo  finds  extra RAM (above
1 MB) it will load the whole demo at first. Then a very nice chip tune starts to
play and we see  the main menu that  looks quite good as  well, esp. the logo in
the middle is  stunning and shows  off that we  have to count  on C-Rem. You can
chose between 3 galleries of the single  graficians, C-Rem, Niko and Wilfried as
well as select an info/credits and a greetings screen. Those are also quite nice
done, even if they only feature a text displayer, they aren't bad designed.

The galleries itself are filled with a load of pictures, even tough some of them
surely weren't thought for a slideshow, especially many of Wilfrieds grafix.
Every gallery is introduced  with a  special logo  for the maker. While  the few
Niko pictures don't give  too much away and  are partly known, the  galleries of
C-Rem and Wilfried are filled  with in parts very  nice stuff, even if again and
again pictures are coming up  that were used  before in some production (esp the
works of Wilfried).

Btw, there are some  hidden screens  included as well! By clicking at the little
C-Rem tag  in the  logo of  the main menu  you get  a slideshow  of pictures  by
DEF KLF of Mad Vision/EKO. Those are real rarities!
By pressing "MJJ" in  the main menu  screen you  get a bunch of digi pictures of
the old MJJ gang...
Have you  found more?! I have  to admit  that I'm  going to  finish UCM in a few
minutes and so I didn't had the nerves anymore  to search  for more  esp since I
don't know if there is more to find.

And if you're going to leave the demo you get a "mjj-rating-o-meter" in style of
a clock that hangs up by 5-6 % something  with an animated  hand... Hehehe... it
seems as they  have found back  some little humor  after the flames and stuff in
the DHS board as well as on other BBS...

òFinal words... The release of another slideshow  isn't such  a big surprise  but
ò               the style  of this  new  one is. It  introduces their  new member
ò               Kiksoft once more and  he shows  the ability  to code  a bit more
ò               than just a  scroller and so  Strider does  too. Sure, we have no
ò               effect fireworks and the  technical level is still not that high,
ò               but together with the cool grafix and nice musix it doesn't falls
ò               into weight  that much. The galleries are offering some very nice
ò               pictures while  others  are just  not thought  for a slideshow, I
ò               think every grafician would have  the chance to make 1o slides if
ò               he would clean up his  harddisk... Happily  those dumb  16 colour
ò               convertions of hicolour pictures are  left out this  time and for
ò               the little  joke in the  end screen I'm giving a few bonus points
ò               as well...

ó___ðratingsó______________________________________________________________________

ñvisuals.......ð  8o % ñ- many very good picture, some that don't hold the quality
ñaudio.........ð  85 % ñ- very nice chip tunes
ñeffects.......ð  2o % ñ- starfield, several text displayers...
ñdesign........ð  55 % ñ- still a long way to go, but it's getting a bit better
ñoriginality...ð  2o % ñ- I still don't like slides, the joke is cool

ó___ðOveralló______ð52ó_ð%ó____________________________________________________________

I wont speak  around the hot soup  here, I'm  still no fan  of slideshows but in
fact I like  this one  a bit more, esp. since it  doesn't features  such kind of
self hyping as it was done with the latest stuff.

ó_ò.tSCc.ó__________________________________________________________òmoondogó_òo6/2k3ó_
