ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          "PEKING v2.ob" by Gunnar Gr”bel
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system... ST, STe, TT, Falcon, Emulation (STeem), RGB, VGA, 512 KB RAM

release.. dunno? the game itself says 1993 (!)

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It's a  bit tricky, as if the  things announced in  the game are right, I really
wouldn't review it in here. Strange enough I stumbled over a link that announced
an updated version and so I leeched it... The first horror came up, as I started
the game and must read "1988" in the intro picture, can it be?!

Anyway, now I have it leeched and played and ripped screenshots, so who cares...

ñ"PEKING"ð is  nothing more and  nothing less  than a complete Mah Jong clone, the
puzzle game with the stones mixed on the desk, also in several layers, where you
have to remove  the whole bunch  of stones while  searching the  counterparts of
every stone but with  the problem that only  stones on the left  and right outer
borders can  be removed and also only if they aren't overlayed by another stone.
And since all stones are included  in very limited  numbers, òit is quite tricky,
the smaller the heap is going.

But hell, what I'm trying  to tell you here?! I guess  you already played one of
those many clones before. The  best conversions  of this game  idea so far where
the  version by  DELTA FORCE in  the ó"Punish Your Machine"ð megademo  on ST, yawn
what I had played that game! Furthermore the creations of  the RESERVOIR GODS on
Falcon, ó"Tautology 1 & 2"ð, as  well as  the commercial  version on Falcon called
ó"Let's Play Shanghai"ð. There are many different versions available in the PD/SW.

While the first mentioned used an own  surrounding, ó"Peking"ð follows  the way of
ó"Let's Play Shanghai"ð, but why following? It  obviously was  present before this
one... anyway, òit  is offering  a GEM shell, arf!ð That  it is  still quite  nice
looking you can see here...

{*i PEKING1.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

ñLet's start to kill this heap!

But under GEM it runs only in the  LOW and HI RES ST resolutions. Btw, that this
games was originally  created for ST and TT shows the fact that the Falcon kicks
out a few bombs, surely caused by the included  chip music routines. Happily the
author has done a version for ST emulations without sound and this one runs well
on Falcon, too. òBut don't try other resolutions, the game surely will fuck up.

Since you have to play in complete silence on the Falcon then, I thought back to
the good old DSP Background Player, done by my old group mate, Apache. I quickly
installed  it and, it runs... unfortunately  with the problem  that, if you call
the player in the game menu, the screen will be deleted and not restored, so you
have to restart the game, but in a new mix.

{*i PEKING2.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

ñWhile playing I didn't got any breakdowns...

Ok, this problem is solved... so let's take a closer look... At first and surely
the biggest drawback, òthe game is completely in german, all menus and readme's.
But since the idea of the game is quite old and I guess known to everybody, this
is a thing, we can step over here.

The stones of the original set are well done and hard on the original set, known
from all the other versions. It includes  a few special  stones, that are surely
own creations of the author, those are  special ones  that can be  mixed in some
way together  to be deleted. Btw, the  is a table  included, listing  all stones
that are availble  in the game and showing  too with which stones they can mixed
up to be deleted.

The game runs as long as you're  able to delete pairs of  stones, it starts with
144  stones in  several layers in  the middle of  the heap. In the  upper  right
corner is a counter showing how many stones are still on the board... In fact it
is better to  get informed about  the available  stones to know how many of each
sort are  on the board to know  what pairs you  can delete  and what you have to
save to avoid later problems. òIn fact, the game isn't that easy!ð So far I didn't
matched it to delete all stones, damn.

You can ofcourse ask the computer to take over a next move  and he does if it is
still possible, if not it is on to you to restart the level.

Apart from this help the game offers a few more features such as different stone
designs (but  I prefer the original  one since the  flaggs or  traffic signs are
quite confusing to watch at), the possibility to play against another player, on
the same playfield  and to set  a time counter  for the  single moves in the two
player game. There is also a highscore included, but somehow I didn't matched it
to step into it, even if it doesn't contains any entries, hu?
Another option is  the delete one, you  can delete some  stones while using this
option, but then the stone counter  is switched off  and there is no possibility
to enter the highscore  at all then, better  in this case is  the move backwards
option and so you can rebuild up the whole heap again, move by move and see what
you've done wrong... Last  but not least  the actions of  the menu can be called
via  the Function  keys too but  it isn't  that easy  to remember  the different
functions  there, so  the  mouse driven  way to play  is surely  better  for the
player that just plays now and then a round...


What's left? òThe visuals  aren't brainblasting  but doing their  job quite well,
the intro  picture, showing a dragon  seems to be ripped from  somewhere, dunno,
but I have the feeling that I have seen it before somewhere.
On the sound/fx side isn't  much to mention, the "intro" features  a little chip
music  of quite old style, maybe  ripped from some  old game too and in the game
itself there is just... silence. The  only fx is a ping  that sounds when you're
clicking onto tiles you can't use.

So what else is to mention here? Not much, so let's run down the final words...

ñ...final words... PEKING is surely a nice little game, featuring a quite old but
ñ                  still very captivating idea. It has a mediocre set of features
ñ                  and is in  its visual/audio creation not that brainblasting as
ñ                  well. The controls  are ok, a thing  that  is rising  or maybe
ñ                  also lowering the motivation is the fact that the game is damn
ñ                  hard. After 1o or more tries I didn't matched it to solve this
ñ                  heap of tiles. This  can  be a bit  frustrating  and a  slowly
ñ                  rising difficulty via levels would have been a better solution
ñ                  since you can fastly  loose your  interest  in that  game. The
ñ                  realisation  in GEM offers  a few possibilities  as background
ñ                  music players  and so on, but I  doubt it will run under multi
ñ                  tasking systems very well  as it will  run only  in ST LOW and
ñ                  HIGH resolution and will bug in  others for  sure, even if you
ñ                  are using the same colour depth, but I haven't checked this.
ñ                  What is  left? A  quite ok  little  brain teaser, for ST users
ñ                  surely worth a look, Falcon users have better alternatives...

ó___ðratingsó______________________________________________________________________

ñvisuals .....ð  65 % ñ- they're ok for ST low, but wont reach the DF version
ñaudio .......ð  1o % ñ- far from being state of the art, fx = mouse ping, arf!
ñcontrols ....ð  8o % ñ- mouse controlled, but the menu's are all in german only
ñidea ........ð  5o % ñ- not original but always nice to play
ñmotivation ..ð  5o % ñ- far too hard, no rising difficulty

ó___ðoveralló_____ð51ó_ð%ó_____________________________________________________________

ñNot a real burner, nice to play but the competition is far to hard!

ó_ò.tSCc.ó__________________________________________________________òmoondogó_ò11/2k2ó_
