ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         K.O.D.'s "SENSITIVE ST v1.1"
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system.... STf, STe, MegaSTe, Falcon, Emulators, 1 MB RAM, RGB, VGA

credits... code - King Of Disk (K.O.D.)
           grfx - King Of Disk (K.O.D.)
           musx - Jochen Hippel

release... once upon a time when everything was better than today (1997)

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Only some  days ago,  Eric posted me a link  and asked me what I think of it. It
was the  url of the  ñArGe MIPRAN TOS-site  ó(mipran.atari.org)ð  and  I  was quite
astonished about it as there  were lots stuffs that were unknown to me,  even if
they were very old.  I guess Eric already explained the deeper  meanings of this
site in an other article, please check it out!

One of the  downloadable things  on this page was  a game these lines are about,
ñSENSITIVE STð.  It was said  to be an  conversion from the  óCommodore Plus/4ð. The
three screenshots on the  homepage weren't too impressive to me,  so I was a bit
prejudiced when I started my beloved óSTEEM emulatorð to check it out (ahem).  And
the first visible  things on  screen, a loading  picture showing a very ugly and
abstract  tree  and informing  that  this game was  coded in óSTOSð,  confirmed my
guess. The two title  pictures weren't much better,  using very  pure colors and
oldfashioned technique (I mean REALLY oldfashioned ;)

{*i SENS_1.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

óMy first steps painting in NeoChrome (KOD)


Then you get two  screens telling  you the  sense of the  different parts on the
playfield and after that, the first "room" is built up on screen in a quite slow
way. So here we have it, let's play! But before, what is ñSENSITIVE STð all about?
Quoting the  words of the maker,  ñKing Of Disk (K.O.D.)ð  it's "a think-game. You
have to control a ball above plattforms. Some plattforms are destroyed if you go
through.  You have to  destroy all  destroyable  plattforms and  then go to  the
>Exit< - plattform."

{*i SENS_2.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

óYou better think careful and move fast!


I think this  describes  it very  well. And  even  if the  graphics  used aren't
convicing,  I lost all my prejudices after playing two, three levels.  It really
makes a lot of fun! Okay, the soundeffects are crappy and you better put a CD in
your stereo  system or play some MP3  in the background. But the game's  idea is
pretty nice and I enjoy it since the day I downloaded it. I am not sure how many
levels are  integrated,  as I only  played up to level 12.  But I hope there are
more riddles to solve for me! ;)

So please download and test it by yourself!

ó___ðratingsó______________________________________________________________________

ñvisuals .....ð  3o % ñ- this looks like "conversion" means converting P/4-gfx...
ñaudio .......ð  3o % ñ- soundseffects that make you yearn for some decent MP3
ñcontrols ....ð 1oo % ñ- joystick controlling in four directions, ahem
ñidea ........ð  6o % ñ- good idea, but deductions because it's only a conversion
ñmotivation ..ð  75 % ñ- at least games like that motivate ME a lot ;)

ó___ðoveralló_____ð59ó_ð%ó_____________________________________________________________


  10/11/2oo2                                         Der mOdmate vom Pruefpunkt
ó-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
