ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     "Incoming Texmas Intro" by CoolGirls
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system... Falcon, 14 MB RAM, RGB/VGA, 6 MB on harddisk

credits.. who cares?!

release.. o1/o3

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Woah! Here we have  the next  demo by the  supercool CoolGirls  and they call it
"intro" ... an intro with such size?! Naaah.

But you  always have to  think twice if  you speak of "demos" and "CoolGirls" in
one sentence,  remember their "Sweety Buildings" thing? I really  wouldn't write
in this way if they wouldn't  have started  right from  the beginning  to act in
such a challenging way.

Yes, and so I was  already warned as  I copied "Texmas" to my Falcon and started
it, happy (?!) to have 14 MB RAM to check it out at all, but what the fuck?!

I wont write  that much shit  here, as "Incoming Texmas" is  more or less just a
dumb slideshow  with ripped  pictures and a very primitive techno tune (I didn't
knew that in 2oo2 some people still listen to such dumb techno tracks... arf).
The only "effects" are  some timings  of the shown  pictures to  the beat of the
music. But for what  you are waiting as just 5o KB of the over 6 Meg big archive
were used for the program itself and the rest was wasted for an MP2?!

The readme contains the "true" story about the making of the demo, a list of the
used software (3 painting tools! for what?!) as well as some dumb writings about
the fact that they aren't the ones the scene thinks that they are...

I have to  say  that  I don't  care that "I lost all  sympathies" as  they wrote
there, as I can't  buy anything from that, yurk. Also they promised to come over
to EIL 3, but after the dull things around ANI PLAYER and the rising quarrels in
the scene around  this, they either decided to stay at home or they really don't
exist as the overall meaning in the scene shows...

But, who cares? We don't  need some  pseudo chicks that are just good in pissing
onto others  legs, that are  just trying  to play  out the  sceners against each
other. We surely  have no place for  such people, so  stay away  at the carpates
where you belong and only come back if you're a bit more mature...

ñFinal words... What final words? What a waste  of diskspace, download capacities
ñ               and ressources. Lucky guy if you  just have a 4meg machine as you
ñ               surely haven't leeched  this one... This "demo" shows again  that
ñ               after  1o years  demos on  Falcon we  still  haven't  reached the
ñ               lowest level of democoding on Falcon, too.

ó___ðratingsó______________________________________________________________________

ñvisuals.......ð  15 % ñ- some ripped pictures and primitive logos
ñaudio.........ð  2o % ñ- it's a matter of taste, sure, but this track is shit!
ñeffects.......ð  o5 % ñ- some timing?!
ñdesign........ð  o5 % ñ- what design? Ok, we call the timing design...
ñoriginality...ð  oo % ñ- just forget it...

ó___ðOveralló______ðo9ó_ð%ó____________________________________________________________

Yaaahuuu! The  lowest rating  ever, harhar... You just wanted it  in this way...
Without any doubt "Texmas" belongs to the worst demos ever created on the Falcon
and so the CoolGirls have matched it to bound their name onto the scene too...
Come on CoolGirls, slagg me off!

ó_ò.tSCc.ó__________________________________________________________òmoondogó_òo5/2k3ó_
