FALCON 030
      ~FALCON.BL2~









 


Finally !  These are the official specs of the Atari Falcon 030. This 
information is taken from the colorful folder which Atari Benelux gave us at 
the Dusseldorfer Messe. The original was in German, but I translated it as far 
as I could...

=============================================================================

THE NEW DIMENSION:  ATARI Falcon 030.  Multimedia


The new class.

Our world is colorful and in motion, full of voices and music. And now there is 
a computer on which you can work with all this. And it fits on your desktop ! 
High resolution graphics, flawless animation, still and motion videopictures 
with very fine colorshades, speech and music in CD quality. It's all what 
multimedia is about. A new class of computers enters the arena of personal 
computing:
The ATARI Falcon 030, the workstation for your budget..


Up-to-date technology.

The new Atari Falcon 030 is packed in the familiar 1040 STE enclosure, this is 
done on purpose so even optically you can see it's compatible with all the 
existing ST software, all those thousands of programs which already haven been 
programmed can be used. Even compared to the TT with it's professional 
capabilities the Falcon will form a milestone in the history of 
dataprocessing. Data which doesn't have to be just numbers, but now can be 
pictures, voices and sounds.


Speaking of sounds.

The ability that a computer can produce a simple beep or even play a 1-voice 
melody is completely outdated. We want to sample speech or digitize sounds, 
work with them, change them, or make a mixture of sounds and combine them with 
pictures, all without knowing if the visuals you see are real (like from a 
videocamera) or the product of some clever animations package. For all these 
purposes has the Atari Falcon 030 the hardware already built in which will put 
this machine way ahead of it's competitors.
The classic tasks like wordprocessing, databanking and of course program 
development are also possible. With a maximum memory capacity of 14 Megabytes, 
it's capable of fullfilling the highest demands..


In a workstation of this class....

...you will find that the main processor (which is a hefty 16 MHz MC68030) 
doesn't have to do all these tasks alone. It's assisted by an optional 
floating point processor MC68881/68882 and a standard the new ST-compatible 
BLITTER which now runs at 16 MHz and has some new capabilities. But the main 
difference is the new digital signal processor (DSP for short) which takes the 
Falcon a big step into the future. This DSP (a DSP56k) is a 32 MHz processor 
whic can go as fast as 16 million operations a second (that's 16 MIPS) It can 
do a Fast-Fouries transformation of 1024 points in 2.07 milliseconds and has a 
dynamic sound capacity of 144 dB (24 bits) This DSP is replacing a huge amount 
of analog equipment inside the Falcon. It can filter, amplify, mix, correct 
and transform signals. In the Falcon the DSP works together with a highly 
sophisticated sound sub system which can sample 8 channels of 16 bits at rates 
up to 50 kHz for recording and playback. There are stereo digital-to-analog
and analog-to-digital converters and connection for industry standard digital 
audio equipment.
You can use the DSP for Voice-mail, Teleconference-systems, Synthesizer and 
Equalizer functions, but the digital data can be just as well be coming from 
digitised images. The DSP is already being used for patternmatching, character 
recognition and graphic-output booster and for calculating 3 dimensional 
vector images for use in animation. In some telecomunications systems the DSP 
is being used for real time digital speech compression, you can even use it 
for doing highspeed modem functions. The most important thing is that in the 
Falcon all these components are so connected that they can communicate 
optimally with each other.


Just so the fun of gameplaying is not spoiled.

The Falcon has become the extra joystick ports of the STE so you can connect 
upto 4 analog paddles. It has a 1.44 Megabyte diskdrive built in and an 
integrated IDE-bus harddisk connection for an internal harddisk. The mouse 
port has been enhanced so it supports mice of up to a 300 dpi. The realtime 
clock is standard and is backed up by a battery.


Monitor support.

The Falcon 030 can handle a range of monitors including standard television 
sets (it has a built in modulator) and the existing Atari monitors like the 
SM124, SC1224, SM144. For better picture quality you can connect standard VGA 
monitors like the Atari PTC1426 and PC VGA monitors. For all these types of 
monitors you will need an adaptor plug to connect them to the Falcon. Gen-
locking is supported so you can synchronize the Falcons video output with any 
available video source. The True-Color modes have a 'see-through' option which 
can be useful for overlaying computer and video images, subtitling etc. You 
can select overscan on all TV and RGB modes so ther will be no borders 
visible. Flexibility was the main priority in designing the Falcon 030 so you 
can select vertical line numbers between 200 and 480, the horizontal resolu-
tion is either 320 or 640 pixels and you can select up to 16 planes of color 
information. Palette choice is from 262144 possible colors. In true color mode 
the colors are represented by the pixel bits directly  and it's possible to 
use up to 65536 different colors at once on screen or 32768 if you use the 
overlay bit.          


Toptechnology in all directions.

The Atari Falcon 030 opens up a brand new concept which exceeds the former 
idea of a personal computer. It will bring it's user a host of possibilities 
from animated game computer, sound and video workstation upto the desktop
publishing area. Don't let the compact case and the low price fool you. With 
the Atari Falcon, a whole new powerclass will become available in your home 
-- the WORKSTATION -- which will be just as happy in your home as it will be 
in professional creative design studios.   


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    The technical specifications:
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Main system:
              * CPU:     Motorola MC 68030 at 16 MHz internal cache
              * FPU:     Optional MC 68881 or 68882 co-processor 16 MHz
              * RAM:     Dedicated connector for 1,4 or 14 Mbyte
              * ROM:     512 kBytes (128 kbytes extra through ROM port)
              * BLITTER: ST compatible graphic co-processor at 16 MHz

Video:
              * a flexible video subsystem which supports VGA, RGB and TV
                external synchronization (gen-locking) possible.
              * VGA:     640x480x256 colors from a palette of 262144
                         320x480x65535 colors (true color)
                         320x480x32768 colors (true color with overlay)
              * RGB/TV   768x480x256 colors from a palette of 262144
                         (with interlace)
                         768x480x65536 colors (true color interlaced)
                         768x480x32768 colors (true color interlaced
                         with overlay bit)
              * All ST modes, 320x200, 640x200 and 640x400 (71 Hz)
              * hardware overscan
              * hardware scrolling (all modes)
              * see through color capability (overlay)    

Co-Processors:
              * Digital Signal Processor Motorola DSP 56k at 32 MHz
                with 32kx24 bit SRAM 0 waitstates.
              * Blitter 16 MHz compatible to ST blitter

Ports:        
              * Parallel port (enhanced for computer to computer
                data transfer with handshake)
              * Modem/RS232 port (extra high speed)
              * MIDI IN/OUT/THROUGH
              * Cartridge port 128 kBytes
              * SCSI-2 connector with DMA support
              * LAN local area network (Mega STE and TT compatible)
              * Mouse port
              * Standard joystick ports
              * STE joystick ports for 4 analog paddles
            
Floppy:       * 1.44 Mb diskdrive 3.5 inch (PC compatible)
        
Harddisk:     * internal (optional) IDE-bus harddisk

Keyboard:     * 94/95 key keyboard improved for high resolution
                mouse support (up to 300 dpi), fast keyboard typing
                and larger key buffer so no overflows can occur.

Mouse:        * 100 dpi standard

Extras:       * Real time clock with battery back up
              * Internal expansion connector with all CPU, Bus control
                interrupt and clock signals.
              * Internal RAM bus for easy expansion (up to 14 MB)
===========================================================================

              Translated and typed in by KGE..
                        
