MATT'S STORY
                   How I proved the Riemann Hypothesis
                   ===================================
                        by Mat of the Untouchables
                        ==========================

The trouble with this modern age is that every few weeks someone goes and
solves a problem that's been baffling Mathmos for centuries.  Sometimes
it's the Four Colour Problem, sometimes it's Fermat's Last Theorem, some-
times it's "Why are the Graph Theory books all miscatalogued?" You know
how it is -- in households the length and breadth of the country, the
following conversation takes place over breakfast:

"Well, I've been telling them it would happen for years, but they
wouldn't believe me... 'It was claimed yesterday that four colours suf-
fice to colour any map on the plane.  Mrs. Thatcher has promised to
reduce this to three by 1995.  In the House of Commons, Mr. Dennis
Skinner was suspended for saying "Poo-poo."'"

"Yes, dear.  Did they explain how the theorem is proved?"

"Yes... 'The intimate secrets of Appel and Haken revealed -- Sexy under-
wear in four colours to be won - see pages 6,7,8,9.' I think the Times
has gone downhill a bit recently."

Time was running out and I had to decide quickly: if I wanted to make my
name, should I prove Goldbach's conjecture, or the Riemann hypothesis?
After some thought I decided: I'd have serious attempt at cracking the
Riemann hypothesis, and then, if it came out by lunchtime, I'd do Gold-
bach over tea.

The Riemann hypothesis was first formulated when Riemann wrote in the
margin of a textbook he was reading: "All the nontrivial zeroes of the
zeta function lie on the line Re s = 1/2. I have found a truly marvellous
proof of this fact, but I'm certainly not going to write it in the margin
-- I'll send it to the Cambridge Philosophical Society instead.  Anyway,
the book's due to go back to the library tomorrow."  Riemann always
claimed that his proof was lost in the post, and could never remember the
details.

Of course there's not much money in unsolved problems -- after all, I
could have been earning three times as much if I had been bad at maths,
and done something to benefit mankind instead, such as buying shares and
selling them at a profit -- but there's always the spin-offs: Riemann
hypothesis tee-shirts, Zeta-function soap powder ("Gets to the points
that other brands cannot reach").  Maybe, even, an appearance on a chat
show, though I might be able to avoid that.  So I got out the pencil and
paper, scratched my head, stared out of the window, and waited for inspi-
ration.

At first things seemed to be going badly -- a good ten minutes passed,
and I was beginning to think that the Goldbach conjecture looked a bit
easier.  I had even got to the stage of wondering whether there might be
zeroes which didn't lie on the critical line, and had cautiously looked
behind the filing cabinet in case there were any there.

Then there came to me a brilliantly simple idea, so ingenious that a
child of ten could understand it, but so wide-reaching that the whole of
mathematics would be instantly revolutionised.


