ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              8BIT DEMO RELEASES from the FOREVER 2E3 SE PARTY 2oo1
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Yeuops... Today I reanimated my AtariWin8oo Emulation to dig out some quite nice
mini intro  releases, done for  ñFOREVER 2e3 SEð party. More or less  good was the
fact  that all intro's as  well as the  grafix and so  on came along in one .ATR
file and later offers a menu on the screen where you can select the single demos
and screens. Good at the  point that  you have all  releases in one file, not so
good because of the fact that I checked it  very often that some .ATR files wont
run correctly and locked the machine up... So if all stuff would be available as
single files  it would surely possible  to find out  some running as well. Maybe
they run on a real Atari 8bit machine, but emulation  users have to stay outside
then... but this is  my problem since the  demos originally weren't made for the
emulator users... :/  And after all we as ST & Falcon  users would  say the same
if someone  would complain  about a  not  running demo  on his emulator... What?
"Use a real ST instead, hehe!" :)

Enough bullshit here. At last it's time to check up the things that were finally
released on the ñForever 2e3 Partyò, held somewhere in the Carpates :)

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         "MOTOR" 1K intro by RASTER
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

òRasterð is said to be one of the best czech 8bit coders  and you shouldn't mix up
him with some polish ex-Atarian, called òRasterð, who was a member of ñConfusionsð.

He did a ñvery interestingð intro, that shows, like the title says, 4 cylindres of
a machine, connected  with a... damn, what is this in english?!... welle... args
fuck... Anyway... those cylindres  are animated very well and drawn in different
colours. Below them  in white letters  some short  information  about the screen
comes up  while on  the right side  a green vertical  raster scroller  is saying
Atari and showing the Fuji logo. The whole screen comes along with a noise music
that sounds like a working steam engine.
ñQuite nice!ð

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                   "DRUNK SPRITES" 1k intro by FOX of TAQUART
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This intro  is ñquite simpleð, it shows  3 ñpseudoð 3d  vectors (they  aren't masked
right, hehe), turning around on the screen. Only  the front of them is colloured
while the "deep view" of them is hold in black completely, on  the brown screen.
In front of them  is the title  swinging from left to right and a few more infos
are  represented... ñNot a  real killerð  intro but  since it  tries to look a bit
stylish and not too oldskoolish it surely has found its lovers.
One of  the ñbiggest drawbacksð  is the fact that it doesn't features any music or
noises. So it is ñquite boringð after a few seconds of watching it...

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         "ANTS" realtime intro by RASTER
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This intro is ñquite differentð  and seems to be  hacked together on the party. At
first it shows an "ANTS" logo in white big letters on a black screen accompanied
with a short info. The  whole thing fades  out and is showing up another screen,
"day 1... 1ooo lucky working ants..." So what?!

Then screen turns  green showing up a lot of plots wobbling on the screen, along
with a simple  chip music... Ahh... there  are those  ants! Nice, what  will the
maker show us?
The  screen turns black  again, showing up "day 2... 1ooo lucky working ants..."
and the same starts again... Hu? The thing turns out to be a fake intro? But I'm
sitting still there, not pressing reset...

And so I saw day  3 as well... but... suddenly  some footsteps  appearing on the
screen... and where they stap in, nothing is  wobbling anymore...The tiny little
ants plots are  just... dead and so the next screen is called "day 4 - 8oo lucky
working ants" and  shows big  grave yards  on the places  were the lucky working
ants died... the end.

ñI wouldn't  call this demo  revolutionaryð, nope, it  also doesn't  features  any
style or something, but after all it contains a ñfunny ideað  and after all you're
sitting there and watching the whole demo since you're wanting to know what will
happen in here.

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                   "ZZZOMROTATOR" 1k intro by -XI- of SATANTRONIC
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As the title says, this intro brings us, as ST/Falcon owners, a wellknown effect
and I have to admit that this screen ñimpressed me mostð of all those small demos.

It shows a  zoom rotator  using a  bitmap texture  that is build up  of 3d bobs.
Those are rotating at first and zooming in  and out, later on the screen changes
the colours and the whole thing starts to be stretched and disted all over.
Here I have a few screenshots for you...

{*i rotate1.pi1 m 0 20 0 199}

A ñreal niceð screen, don't you  think? The whole stuff runs fast and is presented
in ñstylish  coloursð. The  only drawback  in here is the  fact that it is missing
some musix or noises  at all, but since  it ñlooks niceð it surely wont be started
only for one time.

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ñConclusion...ð Maybe the times of the big demos are over on the little Atari, but
this collection of intros shows that they're still here and I have to admit that
esp. the last  one, the zoom rotator thingie, beats the  one or other  ST screen
that was lately released. Well done guys...

I for myself have to say that I will try to dig out more stuff then, since it is
some kind of  fun and interesting  to see and  follow the movements  of the 8bit
Atari scene...

.tSCc.                                                                   moondog
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
