ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           "BUNDESTAG" by SPICE BOYS
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system.... Falcon, 4 MB, VGA, RGB

size...... something 7o KB

credits... a bunch of crazy swedes!

release... MEKKA/SYMPOSIUM 2oo2

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Here we have the second  release that was  made for Atari machines on the ñMEKKA/
ñSYMPOSIUM party 2oo2ð. As there were several swedes there they just joined forces
under the òSPICE BOYSð label to  bring at least one  production on the  way, since
the announced òMind Designð demo died because of a harddisk crash...

This time, the òSPICE BOYSð matched it, to move out  of the shadow of being just a
fake demo project! Yes, they made some earnest release! Cool!

The small intro  was thought to stay as 96K intro but  since there were just two
Atari releases at all, it was put into the  demo competition against òEPHIDRENAð's
ñ"ATARI BEHN"ð and took the  second place. So it  isn't really  fair after all but
nobody cares about that and the main thing seems to be that some Atari stuff was
shown on the bigscreen...

The intro starts with a stomping  chip module and  an orange òSpice Boysð logo, so
far so known. Then a present's logo is coming up, blue, and created by some kind
of dots/sprite  sprinkling  pointer. That  looks  quite  nice! This one  is then
followed by an animated title picture, showing an ork with a club, that runs and
is surrounded by the letters in different styles, forming the word "Bundestag".
This animation/logo looks quite good, nice pixeled stuff!

The screen goes  on with delayed 3d bobs in differend wave forms, turning around
on the screen. After a while the screen clashes  and they're changing their wave
form... after all 3 different things coming up. And as they  disappeared another
screen comes up, just showing a bunch  of german sayings  that surely have their
origin in some swedish  minds! Hehe, "mein leich ist weich"... I really  want to
know what they mean :)

And after that some animated fractales coming up, in  blue again, but the screen
doesn't shows every  line and this is  a bit strange, who  knows where they have
digged it out... I remember much better versions of this screen by other makers.

But then the small demo  already finds his end, showing up the credits in a wild
coloured way, and the greetings, they're going only to Gina Wild... Woah!

Final words... A nice small intro. It has still some òSpice Boysð touch but brings
               also some kind  of real demo  niveau! Better that, since  I doubt
               that a demo like ñ"FVitamin"ð would  have found  it's lovers on the
               ñMEKKA Partyð... Please more of this kind! After all the demo shows
               that it was hacked  together very fast  on the party, but here we
               have to thank them, since so  there were at least two Atari demos
               shown  there  at  all! So  what? A funny  little thing, very nice
               musix... but after all ónot special or revolutionaryð...

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
originality...  3o % - except the nice sprinkler, nothing new or brainstorming
effex.........  3o % - a few ones, 3d bobs, fractales... sprinkler! more?
visuals.......  45 % - not much to call design, nice title animation
musix.........  8o % - really cool chip module!
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
all in one....  46 % - Not much more to say... a little compo filler
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Surely not on the technical stage as ñ"PIZZA"ð for  example that would surely have
made a big laugh on the party, but after all an encouraged release on a slimfast
Party for Atarians!

.tSCc.                                                          moondog . o4/2k2
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

