Ú--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       "PAINIUM DISASTER" by ANVIL SOFT
Ú--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system ...... Falcon, 4 MB, RGB monitor, Jaguar Pad

size ........ 12 MB on harddisk

Ú--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Oh man, what an odyssey... Not  only the way of the game before it vanished from
the screen in 1997, no  also after the  rumours about a free release came up, it
took over a half  year untill the few gamers left on  the Falcon got their hands
on this game...

All started back  in 1995 and was  brought to way by the new  formed german demo
band called CRUOR, who decided, right after their first  release of a 96 K intro
after  the FRIED BITS III to  work on a  vertical  shot'em'up game, right in the
tradition to  such great games as "Wings Of Death", "Lethal Xcess" or "Xenon 2",
to mention a few, that were very popular in the late eighties/early nineties.

And, maybe you  remember that, they  already matched it, to  release a  playable
preview of  the game on  some german Atari fair  in autumn 1995 (I still own the
original disk, hehe). But after that the game was  postponed again and again and
as it was thought to be ready in 1997 at first it was  more or less boycotted by
the german magazine STComputer out of an unknown reason, and  furthermore, as it
was filled with bugs, it was thought to be released as shareware... and got lost
since the Anvil Soft team lost their interest in the already finished game...

After they made their first footsteps on the PC gaming market, in 2ooo they were
contacted by Milhouse, who owns the  Place2Be Atari website and they handed over
a copy  to him, for  exclusive release on  his homepage... but nothing happened,
so the year ended and I digged  them out again... But since  Milhouse decided to
let the game die on his harddisk, the Cruor guys weren't interested in the point
to force him to release it, and after several mails they didn't reacted anymore.

Later on Milhouse decided in August, at least eight months after he got the game
to release it on his  page, but without  giving a download link  for the people,
and last  but not  least Evl, the God from the north (hehe), matched  it to ripp
down the game from Milhouse' server and it was finally released...

Many words  before the real  review you might  think, is the  game worth all the
hype? Dunno... Maybe, because it  is just the second game of this  kind that was
finished  and released  on Falcon! Except "Painium Disaster" there  is just  the
game "Raiden" around  in a finished  version... And there was just one more game
planned, called "Xmoon" that was dying  with the actions of the Independent back
in the year 1996 and just matched it to a first playable preview...

Ok, so what's this game all about? As all games also "Painium Disaster" tries to
deal with a background storie and as it is usually with the stories for shooters
it isn't of bigger interest for the game itself. So there is a bad computer chip
called "Painium" that has to be destroyed. But as always, who, as real shooting-
freak, is really interested in the background  story? I for myself never thought
longer  about "Lethal Xcess" or  "R-Type" for example, since  all games  of that
genre have just one goal, try to survive and kill as much enemies as possible on
your way to the next stage...

That's for the intro... The game itself comes along in a 6 MB file that fills up
nearly  12 MB on  your harddisk. After the  usual copy  and depack act I finally
tried out the game on the  VGA monitor. Since I new  since the preview  that the
game supports the Jaguar pad, I already digged it out in our cellars and already
connected it to my machine. While the loading procedure starts I got already wet
fingers and hands... "Finally!" I thought... nearly 5 years too late...

After a big ANVIL SOFT logo  appeared on  the screen, the  intro sequence starts
with several  raytraced  animations  that giving  the game  a nice  professional
touch. And finally  the main menu  popped up. Ooops... where is the title screen
then?! Maybe it got lost, dunno, but I remember some title screen in the demos I
got of the game. Anyway, this  isn't a big failure since I know what game I have
loaded here.

The main menu  offers several options, just  like setting overscan, watching the
highscores, choosing joystick or joypad and a credits screen. Here I have to say
that several people told me that the STE joysticks don't work and so you have to
get a Jag pad for playing.

After I did all things I needed I choosed the start game option and another menu
appeared, offering 4 different  characters, male  and female, all with different
weaponery. Two of them  just offering one  weapon, two will give you missiles as
well. I took  the fourth guy, that  offered a doubled  plasma gun as well as the
mentioned missiles that are used to destroy targets on the terrain.

Then another  animation sequence  comes up, showing  your space fighter starting
from the home space ship  and flying to the  first planet. The  game loads again
and suddenly my screen folds together and the monitor resets... what the hell?!
I tried it two or three times again and it  seems as the game doesn't run on VGA
monitors, or at least not on all  of them. So I connected my Falcy to the TV set
and repeated the whole action... and there it was running fine.

Ok, finally I matched it to start  the battle with my tiny little space fighter.
The screen is filled to every  border if you have switched  on the overscan mode
and scrolls very smooth with  a very colourful  background, showing some strange
alien planet  or something. On  screen you  can see some status bar, showing the
shield energy of  your ship, the  number of ships and smartbombs. But you didn't
have time to  check out  the screen very long  since the  first waves  of enemie
space ships are flooding over the screen. And wave upon wave comes along, always
firing.

After some time you will see that the enemies are coming up in special waveforms
and don't try  to catch you  or to shoot in your  direction. So the enemies A.I.
seems to  be a little  help for you  since it doesn't  took too  long untill the
whole screen  is messed  up with enemies  and bullets  sprites, blinking  on the
screen. The  whole thing starts  to be very  hectic and  suddenly you're loosing
ship by ship and  life by life. It doesn't  helps very  much to fire missiles to
the ground stations of the enemy that are firing waves of bullets over the whole
screen and it doesn't helps much to collect the goodies  appearing on the screen
after you've killed a complete wave of enemies, that will give you energy, extra
lifes, smartbombs, weapon upgrades or even will kill you (the grey ones!). A bit
bad is the fact that you're  loosing a full developped  weapon if you're catched
an upgrade for another weapon that isn't installed...

And so I tried and tried... always dying in the first level. I reached some kind
of in-level boss that was a smaller problem as the horrible ground stations, but
since the level was going on in the same design I guess I maybe had reached only
the middle of the first stage...

And "blamm!" I'm out of  business, have lost all ships  and can take a look onto
the "game over" screen and the highscore table and at this point I really wonder
how many points I have reached since I didn't saw a score counter on the screen.
Very strange thing and not really good for the motivation...

I tried it again and again, and somewhen I dragged my old ST out  of the cellars
and played a round of "Lethal Xcess" to calm down...

Ok, to cut  this off I will collect all the good and  bad things here in a short
overview...


ÒHighs.. This game tries to make the  best out of the Falcon's  possibilities. In
Ò        comparison with "Raiden", that looks like a  converted ST game, "Painium
Ò        Disaster" uses the  Falcon hardware up  to it's very  end. So you have a
Ò        damn colourful screen with hundreds of colours. The sound comes along in
Ò        8 voices. The game uses  the Jag joypad  as well. The whole presentation
Ò        is very professional with all the in  game and intro sequences. Also the
Ò        highscore table is a nice  thing that could rise  the motivation to play
Ò        the game again... but...

ÛLows... The game  unfortunately  features a lot  of lows as well, since it is so
Û        damn hard to play that I never matched it to reach the  end of the first
Û        level. It isn't as unfair as "Raiden" where  you're dying by the 1st hit
Û        of an  enemy, but your  energy decreases so fast that you don't  survive
Û        very long... More or  less good in  that case is the limited A.I. of the
Û        enemies, always the same waveforms, no direct shootings in the direction
Û        of the ship...
Û        Another point to mourn about is the fact that the sprites of the enemies
Û        shots are  hard to see on  the truecolor  screen and often  you just see
Û        that you were hit as your ship finally explodes.
Û        More to come... the  game runs up to  the last sequence  before starting
Û        the  level, fine on  VGA monitors, but after the game  starts the screen
Û        folds together and resets  the monitor... Maybe  this is a problem of my
Û        monitor only, but since  all other  VGA stuffs running fine on it, I'm a
Û        bit disturbed.
Û        As  several  people  mentioned, the STE  joystick  doesn't  seems  to be
Û        implemented right... And since there is a highscore  table implemented I
Û        wonder were you can check how many points you reached, since there is no
Û        counter somewhere on the screen...

Ò___ ratings Ò____________________________________________________________________
visuals ......  85 % - nice colourful sprites, background, intro sequences
audio ........  65 % - soundtracks are ok, fx not very special
idea .........  6o % - a shot'em'up... but far away from reaching Lethal Xcess
controls .....  7o % - quite ok, but only Jagpad support
motivation ...  4o % - the game is truly to hard...
Ò--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ò___ overall Ò___ 64 % Ò___________________________________________________________

Ofcourse it is a game you must get  if you're a Falcon gamer, but  it was a very
wise decision to release it as freeware  finally since  if you would have bought
it as it was planned so, you surely would be angry about the lost money...

.tSCc.  no pr0mises - no demands!                               moondog . o2/2k2
Ú--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
