Ú--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         "COFFEINE OVERDOSE" by REMO
Ú--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system... Falcon, 4MB RAM, RGB

credits.. code - Remo
          msx  - MDL
          gfx  - Remo, Steffana

released. EIL 2oo1

Ú--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Here we have  the most interesting  demo release of the EIL 2oo1. Not because it
is a pure smash demo, not because  it is showing something completely different,
nope, the reason is quite  simple since it was done by a lonely freak and wasn't
announced or something.

Remo is a quite new german coder, but it  seems to be not his first demo since I
heard that he already did another one, one or two years ago, that didn't made it
to be seen by a bigger public.

But this year, on EIL 2k1, he matched it to present his works to a big community
and to make them wonder a  bit, since nearly nobody  expected it. But hey, let's
kick this crap and take a closer look onto the bits and bytes...

The demo is an oldskool demo, since it runs on plain standard Falcons and in RGB
only. Too bad that I killed my  SC1224 on the Party, so  I had a lot of troubles
since I had to change all the connections on  the TV set in the living room, had
to move some cupboards to reach the connections and cables but finally I matched
it... and here is the result of my works...

The demo  starts with  a plain black  screen, showing a "Remo presents" in white
letters, followed by the EIL wow effect, "1oo % Pure GFA Basic" and finally with
the title "Coffeine Overdose" in  the same  way. At the  same time  some strange
trip hop electronics are starting to  play, with  heavy use of speech samples. A
really weird soundtrack, but not bad.

So, a  GFA demo?! Humm... As I remember there weren't much GFA demos done on the
Falcon, I know that  Drizzt of tnb was addicted  to GFA coding first, as well as
the guys of DBA and  later also  some guys  of FUN. But  after all  the most GFA
basic demos and intros that were released on Falcon, weren't the big beaters. So
what will bring a  newcomer then? Will it be some  warmed up old screen, showing
shadebobs and a few line vectors and dots maybe?!

Nope... the demo starts  with some RGB interferences, no  new effect at all, but
not a bad one, I still like this oldskooler. This effect is followed by some 3D-
bobs, flying  around on the  screen, building up several  structures. But if you
think  you see  just those  simple blue  bobs, you're  wrong. The  background is
filled up  with the same  object in darker  colours and zoomed, it even looks in
parts like some kind of melt-o-vision-effect... nice thing again.

The show  goes on with a plasma  screen, followed  by a rotozoomer and a texture
tunnel in blue  and white  colours. A nice effect is the bumpmapper, giving us a
GFA Basic logo. Sometimes I wonder what is all possible  with GFA Basic... since
some years before nobody would have thought  that this would  be possible... but
also GFA basic demos have some evolution :)

The screen gives way to  another effect, this  time it's a texture mapped vector
cube, that is flying around on the screen for a while, vanishing and coming back
as a big vector forming the letters "REMO"... But  here the performance is quite
on its end since the whole thing slows down a lot, esp. when the thing starts to
give us some melt-o-vision effect...

Finally the  demo has reached  its end, giving  us shortly  the credits in white
letters on black background.

ÒFinal words... This demo was  one of the biggest  surprises on the EIL, not only
Ò               that it was  made by  a unknown  new comer, not only  that it was
Ò               done in GFA basic only, nope, it even  displaced some other demos
Ò               released on the Party. It brings us a quite big load of different
Ò               effects, even if  they are all  quite outdated, but  that they're
Ò               coded in Basic gives them some points left... The  design doesn't
Ò               offers much, only  a very  few transition, not  much style on the
Ò               colours  side, but therefore  the strange  music matches  in some
Ò               parts to  the kind  of the  presentation... What to  say, a quite
Ò               nice demo, not the eye catcher as the winning demos, but in beats
Ò               a lot of other releases that were done in the last times...

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
originality...  5o % - mostly known effects, but brought in GFA basic!
effex.........  6o % - bumpmap, tunnel, texture mapping, RGB interferences...
visuals.......  45 % - only very few grafix... quite ok textures
musix.........  8o % - very weird soundtrack, but matches to the presentation
design........  55 % - not much transitions, very "old skoolish"...
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
all in one....  58 % - A quite nice newcomer demo...
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This demo has something, I have to admit... The question  is just, what this guy
can do with Assembler and the help of a real band then?!

.tSCc.                                                                   moondog
Ú--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
