MAT2

                             Kritik's Korner
                             ===============
                             by Pauline Kael
                  Submitted by Mat of the Untouchables

   SORORITY SLAYFEST (date unknown) -- Buddy Bowers' sublimely earthly
comic-horror piece is the sort of >meurtrier foux< essay that you seem to
detest less and less as the blood memories fade.  It attempts, and occa-
sionally succeeds, in splattering one's most bellicose and inebriated
fantasies across the screen and the first few rows (the cinematographer
is uncredited).  Kim Cattrall is Mona (she swallows the second syllable
of her name as naturally as she swallows the copious amounts of semen
provided by special-effects artist Leonard).  She simmers with a sort of
nihilistic spunk; you want her to be the sole survivor.  But the often-
overworked script forces her emotional turns to lose their
adrenaline-drenched power.  A few good slashes applied to the plot would
have helped here.  More importantly, the casting agency should have put
their receivers down long enough to realize one cannot kill more than
five cherubic, apple-cheeked teenagers without losing the audience's
interest.  Bowers should listen to his own Slasher Harry: "queen-bitches
must go" as well if the emotional roller-coaster is not to break down.
And Bowers often seems to expect grandiose results from limited
resources; the scenes played to build sexual tension before each kill are
quite torpid.  Yet your eyes remain nailed to the screen.  With Tara
Strohmeier, David Naughton, and Michael Talbott (from Miami Vice) as
Harry.  Script by Bowers and Dennis Miller.  (235 West 42nd Street, Apt.
5A and Olympia Quad through March 27th.)
