IT'S THE COPS !!

                       Siren -- It's the Cops!

             Freeware with modifications by John Eidsvoog
             *------------------------------------------*

 Folder: THE_COPS
    
 Contens: SIREN.ACC 
          SETSIREN.PRG
          SIREN.TXT

SIREN.ACC is an accessory which periodically sends a little police car
driving across the bottom of your screen, complete with siren and engine
sounds.  The identity of the original author is unknown.

The original version of SIREN.ACC had several problems.  It ran only in
high resolution, would not register itself in the GEM drop-down menu,
and activated itself so frequently that its only use could be to install
it, watch it a little while, say "wow", and then remove it. 

I decided to take this accessory under my wing and make it behave.  It
now registers itself in the menu like a normal accessory.  This allows
you to click on it to manually summon the fuzz.  The automatic
patrolling of your screen has been set to once an hour, but I've
provided a separate program called SETSIREN.PRG which allows you to set
this time to any number of minutes and seconds.  This is especially
useful in high-crime areas where more police protection is desired. 

SIREN now works in any resolution, including large screen monitors and
the new TT resolutions!  It also waits until the cops are long gone
before making any keypress sounds.  This eliminates the problem of
keyclicks changing to thunks.  (Keyclicks are usually stored until the
coast is clear).

NOTE: If you load SIREN.ACC into MultiDesk, you must enable the "TIMERS"
button in order to have it drive by at the appointed intervals.  But if
you have any other ACCs loaded into MultiDesk that also use a timer
event, MultiDesk will use the shortest timer event that it finds.  Some
accessories (needlessly) use a zero length timer which will result in
repeated, continuous police activity.  (You can detect an ACC's timer
event by holding control while clicking on it from within MultiDesk.  It
will show evnt_multi with "T" selected.)  It's best to load SIREN.ACC
into its own menu slot. 

Enjoy...and don't get busted.

                                                        John Eidsvoog
                                                        CodeHead Software



