PLEA TO DUTCH
~SECOND.FIL~

  ~BRIEF1.BLK~
   
                     *** PLEA TO THE DUTCH ***

First, I'll take you back a few years. For instance to 1988. Do 
you remember what you were doing back then? Maybe you were 
already active in the computer scene, or maybe your objective 
was to blow some more aliens. Some of us hadn't even bought 
their equipment back then. But it was a good time for us all, 
doing things we wanted to. 

A few years later, something like the beginning of 1992. 
Virtually everybody in the scene was working quite 
professionally, at one level or another. Almost everyone active 
now, was in the scene then. It was a time of competition (have 
you seen the new ZXC plasma? I have made a version which could 
get better than that.. Let's release it fast...), but looking 
back at it, I didn't like it much. The object was not to do the 
best you could, but to be better than others. And that's 
something I dislike strongly.

In 1993, unity arose. All the bigmouths who overestimated their 
capabilities on the Falcon, and who expected other people around 
to be beaten, were disappointed. The competition was over, and 
computer freaks got less and less freaky, prevalating other 
interests like social contacts, music or sports. Sometimes 
within the computer community, but most of the time outside it. 
People (and most certainly I) regarded the computer scene as a 
place to have fun in with people you wouldn't have met in any 
other way, thereby learning and experiencing unknown things and 
values.

Does anyone want to change anything about the happy situation 
we're enjoying now? Well, I am. I am very happy with the relaxed 
attitude right now, and think it should be kept that way. A fact 
is, however, that I haven't done anything useful on my system 
this whole summer, except writing a few articles for my fave 
magazine. Activity should be revitalized at any moment possible, 
and I am about to kick some flavour. Don't take it personally, 
because it isn't meant for anyone specifically. It's meant for 
everyone in the Dutch scene, and others might be helped with it 
too.


WHAT'S IN GOD'S NAME ARE YOU DOING?

NOTHING, JUST ADMIT IT

BUT DON'T EXPECT ANY RESPONSE TO SILENCE

DO NOT RELY ON YOUR BIG NAME OF THE PAST YEARS

BECAUSE A NEW ERA IS UNLEASHED

AND IF YOU WANT TO EXPERIENCE IT

(AND I'M SURE YOU DO)

THE ONLY WAY IS TO GET ACTIVE

THIS IS THE TIME OF WRITING HISTORY

AND BEING PART OF IT IS SO EASY

EVEN I CAN DO IT

I WILL

I HOPE THERE WILL BE A LOT OF FRIENDS TO ACCOMPANY ME ON OUR 
JOURNEY

IT WILL BE BIGGER

BETTER, WITH MORE OPPORTUNITIES AND FREEDOM

JUMP ON THE HIGHWAY CALLED HIGH TECH

AND BE READY FOR A TREAT

OR ELSE

STAY FRIENDS

BUT REMEMBER MY WORDS BEFORE COMPLAINING

YOU HAVE THE CHANCE

GRAB IT!
   ~BRIEF2.BLK~
~RED.PAL~


