
 "Suicide is an urban disease...
                                     spread by people and places like these..."

                                                  (Self Destruct by Anne Clark)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                             ó100% of dissin' U!ð

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I wrote this article escpecially for ñMr.Pinkð and I will discuss some things that
I'm not  satisfied with  in the last issue of óMaggieð. So let's come  straight to
the points:


For the editorial: 
 -Sonolumineszenz did NOT came out during the last twelve months!

Lotsa remarks to your UCM 12 Article:
 -mOd is NO member of POD!
 -MC Laser is also in .tSCc.
 -Answer to your question about the UCM linkfile system:
  "Moondog had no HD-Drive for a long  time and you  must admit  that it  is NOT
   easy to link a magazine using only 1 diskdrive!!!"
  "Get a Falcon then!", would you  claim but do you  give him the  money?!? Life
  doesn't only consists of the atari scene!
 -You said every UCM issue looks the same. Hey, same goes for Maggie!
  You just changed  the picture from the  mainmenu (on ST). And to say the truth
  those  pictures (on ST) got really worse the last time! Not to forget that you
  had NO music in the ST Version last time! We had 3, I say it again... THREE...
  ORIGINAL CHIPMUSICS, escpecially made for US!
 -Scene News Review: Alphabetical standards are better than your chaos! Having 5
  DHS Headlines on 5 different places is a bit confusing!
 -We don't  make stories  out of small  things!!! You are  the one who  is doing
  that! For  example your  whole Scene-News for Maggie 26! Anyway  they are very
  good this time.
 -Obnowinio is NOT from Confusions but from Cobra! (bad research boy!)
 -5 Years of Falcon: If Maggie is  the 3rd reich, who  is Adolf Hitler then? CiH
  or YOU?
 -I ask  you why New Beat  is coding  the new Maggie  shell? Because Mr.Pink  is
  unable to do a stable shell by himself?
 -The 'Tam get  Rotfylning' demo  got  only  3 lines  because  their  is  only a
  Rotozoom! That's all! What also should I say! Building up endless phrases like
  you and  telling the  world that this is real  journalism? Then we would build
  stories out of small things, like you do!
 -I admit that you're damn right on some points! I didn't got any motivation for
  those tests. It was up to me doing that tests because no one else wanted to do
  it!
 -Let's get this straight. Ok. Jeff Mills comes from  Detroit, that's right, but
  he is NOW  living in  CHICAGO! You haven't learned your  lesson well, boy! Ok,
  again you are right when you  say that he  produces techno records, but he has
  also  produced some  house trax! I have proove! For example  the  SHIFTY DISCO
  E.P. he has released  on  DJ Hell's  INTERNATIONAL DJ GIGOLOS-Labal! Housy  as
  hell! Hey, you  don't  need  to tell  me things  like 'he's  the  godfather of
  techno'. I'm into electronic music for about 10 years now and there's not much
  you can teach me! I have again to admit that I have given to small information
  on that  in my article, but  it was a demo review and not the whole  biography
  from Jeff Mills, ok?
 
 
Let me ask  you a Question? How long did it  take to write this  UCM-Article? So
many  time is wasted by writing  this article, you  could have  finished a whole
game in that time!
 
Hey and  I don't write  myself with a 'Z'!!! Just  MC Laser! With 'S'! Maybe you
don't know the difference...?

You report  on your Homepage that COMP7/Bassment made the music for the FUN demo
for Quast. Wasn't that the same that you have blamed us??? Didn't you say: "What
comes next? Graphicians paint??? Ha!"

You  also wrote  that  DYNACORE  has a  number of Falcon  effects laying  on his
harddrive! Complete  Nonsens! Now I could be the one who is saying the same that
you have said about us and our news! Next time think first!

Then you claim: "MOONDOG UNMASKED! We learned he is a goth!" 
Hey! If you  have read UCM  carefully you should have recognized  that two years
ago because our songlyrics and records reviews  are only about that  topic so it
is no secret... No more comments about this.

P... is for PINK.... Keep wearing your pink glasses, that's why you  have chosen
that name, eh?

You are  a childish braggart  when you claim  that even your  Interview-programm
coded years  ago had better Interview-questions than  we have! Oh my god, didn't
you recognize  how ridiculous  this is? This issue of maggie is  one of the best
issues  since CIH taken over the job, but why are the  Scene-News that good this
time? Because we slagged you off for that in the last few times!

The Charts are funny. Mr. Pink ranking 3rd in the BEST FALCON CODERS list! Haha!
NEVER! Also  you claim  about our  CLIMATICS-News and you say that no  one knows
that group. I think  YOU are the only one  who don't! And to beat  you with that
argument: 

Who has ever heard of Reservoir-Lemmings-Cracking-Gods-Band-DENIM???


P... is for PELE....


and I'm outta here!


--- -- --- -------------------------------------------------------------- --- --
   ñmc_laser@usa.netð         ò!fight da fakeshit!ð        óMC Laser/tSCc^PoDð
--- -- --- -------------------------------------------------------------- --- -- 
