ISHAR CHEAT
-----------------------------------------------------------------
                           ISHAR CHEAT
-----------------------------------------------------------------

Are  the  monsters in Ishar giving you a hard time and a bloody 
nose? Have no fear CP is here! 

If you look on the disk in this map you will find a file with the 
name  'CHEAT.SAV'.  This is a saved game from "Ishar" that i have 
changed a little bit,  well actually more than a  bit, you have 5
super beings to your disposal armed with  one  magic sword EACH !
(there is only one in the original game) and each  having 1 magic
helmet, armour and shield for protection. They all have 10 spells 
and ca.230 000 in gold. They all have maximum experience and more
than possible in level etc...


Warnings

Do  not collect money!  you have ca 230 000 on each man,  if  you 
gets more than 255 000,  or close to that,  the game freezes  the 
money  (bug)  and you will become completely  skint  without  any 
chance of getting rid of the money again. 

Don't  waste  your money on training or  buying  spells,  you  are 
trained  more than possible (if the values are increased  further 
they  might  change to negative) and you have no  room for more 
spells (you have more than you needs already) 

The  only thing i have done is to kill the guardian  standing  on 
the  bridge  in the city to the northeast to get hold of enough 
people, all other parts of the game are untouched. 

I Have only given you armour and weapons, all other things needed 
to  finish this game you have to find yourself.  This is  because 
the  drink mixing acts has a copy protection (until you gets  hold 
of  a doc) and i likes this game so much that i means you should 
buy it if you can. 

If  you play a pirate copy and you does not have a doc then  you 
won't be able to enter the last dungeon.  (well it is possible as 
there are no lesbians in this game!)  

(i'll bet the last comment there made you curious,  well the game 
is french but not THAT french) 

-----------------------------------------------------------------

So why did i hack this save game then?, well you see i got to the 
entrance  to  Ishar and when i should change to  monk  outfits  i 
discovered that during the game i (or one of my palls) had thrown 
two of them into the waste basket! As i had no wish to start over 
again  i hacked the save game and gave myself two monk robes  (FF 
E3) and a couple of mag swords (FF D5) before entering Ishar  and 
finishing the game. 

And  as i had already found out the setup of the  save  game  i 
thought i should give you humble losers a chance to  kick  some 
ass.  If you manages to die with these people on your team  then 
you really should stop playing games and go back to snail racing. 


