RISE ROBOTS RISE

RISE ROBOTS RISE - THE ALBUM - REVIEWED BY BLOODANGEL OF THE TNC
****************   *********   *********************************



This album I borrowed from Iceberg of Alliance (Amiga) today, and he 
said that the group were really wierd and were a mix between rap, 
jazz, Soul II Soul, house, industrial etc. etc. I decided to whack 
the thing on and it is quite cool! I think that it is their first 
album and they have a different style to anything else I have ever 
heard. I like Pink Floyd, Metallica, Red Hot Chilli Peppars, Nirvana, 
Megadeth, Depeche Mode, Blood Sweat & Tears, Faith No More, L7, Holst 
and loads of other stuff. So as you can see I like a wide variety of 
stuff so I decided to give this 'Rise Robots Rise' thang a try!

Well I'm afraid that I can't give you a list of songs because I don't 
have a fucking clue!!!! The album will (I think) fit on one side of a 
C90, so you have a vague idea how many tracks the thing has! One 
thing I will say about this about is that most of the tracks are 
connected with drugs so if you are a junky then you will be able to 
relate to it!!!



It is really mellow stuff and some of the tracks have guitar solos in 
them which really confuses the shit out of you and you have 
absolutely no idea what kind of style the damn thing is! But as 
Tronic quoted me in the Pantera album review in DBA disk mag 6:



"If you like the band, who gives a shit what kind of music it is!!"



I think this is a good thing to follow, because if you just like 
Heavy metal, or you just like Hardcore dance music then your mind is 
closed to all these other types of music which if you actually gave 
them a chance you would probably like them!

Try to get this album and have a listen to what you're missing!

Another short article by BLOODANGEL of Tronic PDL - Enjoy or die !!!

Article dedicated to 3 guys on the ST who have really inspired me:


ZIPPY of The Medway Boys (Absu of Cynix)


THE LAW of The Bad Brew Crew


XERUD of The Bad Brew Crew (Supernova of Cynix)


Contact me at:

BLOODANGEL of The TNC

31 Whyteleafe Road

Caterham-on-Hill

Surrey

CR3 5EG

ENGLAND



Please ** NO ** Illegal software !!!!!!

