CRAZY STORY

                     Quantum Mechanics in the Bath
                     =============================
                      By Mat of the Untouchables!
                      ===========================

Well hi again kids and welcome to this week's show.  Today we'll learn
how to make a k-meson just like little Johnny did last week even though
his mommy said he wasn't to be fiddling with asymptotically free parti-
cles while she was out, but it's ok this week because mummy's here to
mind us.  Now before you start get a scissors, some coloured paper, two
empty toilet rolls, a tube of glue and of course a high voltage particle
accelerator.  You can get one in your local international nuclear
research institute by holding your mommy, and if you like, your govern-
ment as well, to ransom just like we showed you in the fourth episode.
We know a little song about that, don't we?

           (to the tune of Pop goes the Weasel, in A# minor)

                Hold a grenade to your mommy's head
                Phone up the government
                Pull the pin and make the threat
                "Give us a particle accelerator
                Or Pop goes my Mommy"

                I'm not a nuclear terrorist
                I'm really a nice child
                Just because I watch too much Rambo
                I wanna kill lotsa gooks
                Worrrgona kill kill kill tankew

                Fusion, fission it's such fun
                Note the alliteration
                So if you want some particles
                Pop goes your Mommy

Are you ready now children?  Take the toilet roll and cut it up into
little strips like so and show it your mommy.  She'll be so impressed
she'll give you a banana and you can make LSD like we showed you in epi-
sode 12.  Give it to your Dad (don't forget to charge him now!).  Ask him
would he please drive his car at high speed into the back of the '56 Mus-
tang into the trunk of which you put the particle accelerator (this is
important!) and after sticking a large bullseye of red crepe paper on the
back (get your mommy to help you cut this out and always remember scis-
sors are DANGEROUS), stand well back.  Applaud at the shower of lethal
alpha-Daddy-particles.  Notice their short half-life and watch out for
the quarks.  Collect Daddy in the second toilet roll (bet you thought we
forgot about that) and present him to Mommy.  Collect the life insurance
we showed you how to apply for in episode 13.

Wasn't that fun!?  Nice flash, eh?

Tune in next week for another exciting episode of "Quantum Mechanics in
the Bath" when we'll explore the wonders of genetic engineering.  So
don't forget to get your little brother, a bottle of household carcino-
gens, a large box of generic scalpels (available in the frozen food
department of your local store) and a large bullfrog.


Footnote:

If any of you smartasses point out that the average particle accelerator
is several miles across and thus does not fit in the trunk of a '56 Mus-
tang then you're the one who's losing out because it's FUNNY!

All financial gestures of appreciation and non-perishable canned goods to
any or all the above-mentioned at U.C.G. (that's University College
Galway to those of you not in the know, that is those of you from places
other than Galway, Ireland).

