ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     "ERROR IN LINE 3 INVITATION" by DHS
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system .... ST, STe, Falcon, TT, STeem!, 1 MB RAM, RGB, VGA

size ...... 1oo KB

credits ... code - evil, gizmo
            gfx  - edo, modmate, smirk
            msx  - 5o5, aio

release ... 1o/2oo2

url ....... òhttp://www.dhs.nu/
            òhttp://eil.atari.org

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

At last, here  it is, the ultimate invitation  demo for the  óERROR IN LINEð party
next year, again done  by the òDEAD HACKERS SOCIETYð, gathering  a bunch of  other
people  too, and even  before I start the  real review I have to  say that I was
damn impressed  right with the  first bits I  saw and so I  want to run into the
review right now!

After  loading the file the  screen turns  dark and a chippy noise starts... hu?
Suddenly, accompanied  by the usual keyclicks, the letters ñ"Baah..."ð are printed
onto the screen... ñ"No! Never! Aaaa! Forget it! It can't be!"ð I thought as I saw
this and here I have to inform  the ST only users about the sense... the rocking
and winning  demo by  ESCAPE last year  on Falcon started  in the same way, just
displaying "Hmm..." on the screen...

But the joke didn't ends up  here, suddenly the  last point  turns with the real
start of the chip music into a environment mapped cube! Arf! The HMM demo on ST!
ñThose guys are totally freaked out!ð And now, knowing  that the edge still wasn't
reached, I  looked like banned  onto my screen... The music  is done  by the HMM
master itself, ò5o5ð again!

The music goes mad and the thorns are growing out of the sides of the cube, just
like it was in the big brother, the HMM demo! Yaaau! ñThis is just great!ð Running
smooth on my ST's screen, a bit more blocky, ok, but it looks just great!

{*i EIL1.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

òArgl! HMM on the ST! Orgasm!

And so the show  goes on, then displaying the  known Error In Line logo, also in
environment  mapping and it ñruns so  damn smoothð, yawn! Also  the outlined, env-
mapped  vector cubes are in here, in small and big, oh yeah! ñThis show is a real
ñmess...

After a while of  this ñenvironment  mapping terrorð a distorting dithering effect
comes up, finally revealing a ñvery nice pictureð, done by a guy called óSMIRKð. Who
the hell is  óSMIRKð? Dunno, but  ñthe picture looks greatð, I don't know right what
the strange pixels are gonna be to show, but it's just well done. Take a look at
it here...

{*i EIL2.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

òSmirk? Btw... the picture is downscaled a bit...

After that picture the music  ends, giving way for  the endpart, with new music,
this time done by óAIO of TOYSð. In the background there is some tunnel picture by
óEDOð and in the foreground the usual information scroller starts up, bringing the
whole infos  and stuff, done in  a font by óMODMATEð (I wonder where he has digged
it out...)...

Read the official invitation file here

ò>---> ERROR IN LINE 2oo3 INVITATION <---<                                         {*\INVITE.TXT}

But who wants to read  that? I quitted and loaded  the intro again, it's just so
amazing... ñand I like that "Baah" joke so much! :)

ñfinal words... A cool party  deserves a cool invitro! And Evil is showing up his
ñ               skills! It  was damn  long time  quiet around  DHS and on  SUCH a
ñ               release  the fewest have thought. The massive use of the envmapp-
ñ               routines catapulted it far over all other releases this year. The
ñ               effect is just great, also the idea to imitate the Hmm demo, even
ñ               using a matching music, as well as the surroundings are just cool
ñ               in my eyes... I really would like to see a full DHS ST demo again
ñ               as Evil again showed up that the ST still isn't kicked to its end
ñ               and there  is still a bit  more possible... I love my ST and this
ñ               intro!

ó___ðratingsó______________________________________________________________________

ñvisuals.......ð  8o % ñ- very nice grafix, esp. Smirks picture
ñaudio.........ð  9o % ñ- hmm style intro music, second music falls a bit back
ñeffects.......ð  9o % ñ- environment mapping overkill, dither effects
ñdesign........ð  8o % ñ- well done, a few nice transitions
ñoriginality...ð  85 % ñ- the hmm idea is just cool!

ó___Overalló______ð85ó_ð%ó____________________________________________________________

ñArg! More please! Not an intro! A real demo now!

ó_ò.tSCc.ó__________________________________________________________òmoondogó_ò1o/2k2ó_