Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           NARSIL - THE LOST ISSUES
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As you maybe know, it was announced  that NARSIL will  end up with issue 5o, but
suddenly the homepage disappeared and also the  czech ftp servers didn't got the
missing issues, namely 48 - 5o. As  nothing was happening over longer time I got
in contact with  EMPTY HEAD, the maintainer of the  NARSIL homepage to check out
what happened to the magazine, if it really died before it's announced end...

And... while I'm sitting here and thinking about the  magazine's end, there were
3 more issues published, but  now without beeing  spreaded over the frontiers of
the Czech Republic anymore since they weren't available on the internet anymore.
Furthermore EMPTY HEAD  told me that Geocities had closed down his homepage with
all its contents  and it took  a little bit  time to  save the  page and  set it
online again.

After all he was  able to offer the missing  issues and I will take a sneak look
onto them now.

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   ISSUE 48
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This  issue comes along  with a  few goodies  on the disk, such  as an old Atari
shareware  game called "TRI HELI 2", that was already given away back in 1994 on
a ST FORMAT coverdisk and is, errr... true shit, then a REVERSI game by MC SOFT,
the czech software  firm that brought  us "POWER UP", but this game here  is for
the PC and quite old as well (1994 again). I didn't checked it out so far but it
is containing artwork by -JS- again and could be interesting. Last but not least
the czech version of TosWin 2 (v2.6) is included too.

The magazine itself starts with a picture showing a racing car together with the
words "final lap" and  it seems  as they're happy  about the  fact to end up the
whole thing, but  can it be? The menu itself shows, after the usual nice loading
sequence also some kind of motor sports touch.

This issue contains  only 25 articles and animations this time, where 6 ones are
disabled and only  accessable for  paying readers  only, remember  the shareware
politics of NARSIL...

Apart from the usual contents with editorials, adverts and so on, this  issue is
bringing  some  reviews, such  as  from  "TRI HELI 2",  "BADLANDS PETE",  "SUPER
CAULDRON" (that got a big range of nice screenshots too) and "INTERCHANGE" (that
is disabled). Furthermore  there is a  solution for the  game "SNOOPY & PEANUTS"
and again the game quiz, where you get a bunch of screenshots  taken out of many
games and you can guess from which games they're  taken. I have to  admit that I
always know only a few, but with thousands of games around it really isn't easy.

The contents going on with a copy tool survey, including FCOPY 3, ECOPY v1.7 and
HCOPY v1.7. And article about JINNEE is disabled, while the  I-CON article makes
you the use of this tool a bit understandable, if you understand czech language.

This time the PC corner is disabled, the internet news bringing again a bunch of
news snippets and later  on -JS- comes along with volume 7 of his animation tut,
explaining  some of  his included  animations (2 are disabled again). This  time
there is nothing about BLOUMA'S ADVENTURE included, therefore colour cyclers and
such stuff.

That's it more or less.

ÚOverall... A quite normal  NARSIL issue, the disabled articles/animations aren't
Ú           that much this time but the language barrier is still here...

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   ISSUE 49
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This issue  brings us as  goodies a  Space Invaders game for PC and I-CONNECT in
czech.  Btw... the growing  ammount of  PC related stuff  isn't a new feature, I
just want to  mention that  there is a PC loader  for the magazines around since
long times.

The magazine itself starts with a  space picture, the another  little loader ani
and a very nice drawn main menu... Check the screenshot below!

{*i NARSIL49.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

ÒVery nice!

This issue features including all regulars, articles and animations just 27 ones
but I have to say it right here... it's one  of those  "fuck the normal readers"
issues... 1o items are disabled this time!

Anyway. Apart from the usual stuff, this  issue is going  a bit more actual with
the review  of "CHU CHU ROCKET" (that scored just 65%...), it offers a review of
the beta  version of "SAVIORS OF HOPE", a gauntlet  style game by CYBERPUNK 3-69
of NETWORK (do  you remember?), furthermore  "GHOULS'N'GHOSTS",  "MERCENARY" and
"TOOBIN" (that  are both  disabled...) and last  but not  least of "DONALD DUCKS
PLAYGROUND", an awfull educational game from 1986...

-JS- goes on  with his  animation  tutorial and this  time he brings  again some
teasers  from  BLOUMA, showing a very  complex intro  animation (Wow!) and other
stuff (not to forget that again some stuff isn't accessable).

Apart from a "fitting colours" tutorial by -JS- again I can't tell you much more
more since nearly all of the other articles are disabled... but  since the known
language barrier is still here I don't think that I have missed much.

ÚOverall... Without any doubt  for czech non  paying readers  a slap in the face,
Ú           for me  very interesting  because of  the BLOUMA teasers and the nice
Ú           grafix...

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 ISSUE 5o
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Yeps, and in JUNE  it happened... They reached  issue 5o, the last one, at least
they  announced  it. Later on  I heard that it  could be  that more  issues will
follow if they are motivated, but since NARSIL was published bi-monthly, they're
now without the pressure to do something, even if this could be a drawback too.

This issue is quite impressive, coming along on two disx  and a wave of goodies,
such as "CHU CHU ROCKET LITE", "BANG AND BLASTMEN", a  FLC animation taken  from
the movie "MATRIX", a save file for "ABES EXODUS" (PC), czech resource files for
QED v4.53 and QED v5.ob, some  more animations  and a demo  version of  the game
"RESOLUTION 1o1"...

But the mag itself is beating all former issues too. The loader pic is showing a
trumpet and the  word KONEC, that  means "End", you know? The  menu itself looks
like this...

{*i NARSIL50.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

ÒUgh...

Overall  this issue  features 39 articles  and animations that is some kind of a
record... and, furthermore, all except one are enabled!

The mag  starts  with  a "NEKROLOG" (huuuu) as  editorial, brings us a very huge
reviews corner, featuring "DOUBLE JUGGLE", "GODPEY", "GLASS BUTTOCK OF THARG" (a
very ISHAR-a-like  looking strategic  game from Grandad Soft), "POP!" (that is a
game from Spain, you know?), "BYTEMAN", "RESOLUTION 1o1" and "DUCK DASH".

It goes on with two reports of the ATARIADA 2oo2, info files for the PLATARI and
ATARI HODY parties, there  is a solution  for "PRISON" including hints, tips and
maps in two parts as well as a  solution for "SEVEN GATES OF JAMBALA". At next a
big cheats collection comes up, followed by a big  animation part, showing intro
animations of several game developpers, such as CORE DESIGN, VIRGIN and so on.

The PC corner brings a getting started with STEEM, there are infos about ICQ and
IRC as well as about the CT 6o, followed by the usual internet news collection.

Another article starts with the  german words (in bad grammar ;) "Achtung, diese
ist Volksbefragung"... sounds funny but I don't get a clue of the article itself
since it's still czech :)

Yes, and the rest is filled with the usual stuff, again adverts and so on and at
last a  little animation, showing  a skeleton puppet  together with the years of
NARSIL's existence, 1993 - 2oo2...

ÚOverall... Not a bad issue  and in  comparison with other magazines that died on
Ú           the ST/Falcon it tries to make something special out of its dead. But
Ú           we have  to admit  that this  dead was planned  while other magazines
Ú           died slowly and quite unexpected...

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

And now? NARSIL was more  or less the  only regular lifesign  of the small czech
Atari scene, because  of the language barrier  always a bit out  of interest for
foreign readers but  always a pool for  fresh grafix and  a few info's about the
czech Atari scene, that  never matched it  to step into the bright international
light but was working in its countries as good as possible, bringing a few games
on the way, own hardwares, translating tools and even a few demo snippets.

Except the ARANYM gang there  isn't much left  anymore now and it will be silent
around the czech Atari scene. I still hope that they'll  break the rule and make
the one or other issue, maybe with english contents then, but I doubt that.

As you know  BLOUMA'S ADVENTURE was abandoned now and so the last big czech game
project died, maybe it will be saved by foreign coders, but now there isn't much
left in the  pipeline from the czech  scene... I wont paint all things black now
but I know I will miss something now...

Farewell guys!

Û_Ò.tSCc.Û__________________________________________________________ÒmoondogÛ_Òo8/2k2Û_