ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      "PACEM IN TERRIS" by QUASIMODOS
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system... Atari XL/XE, tested with AtariWin on P233MMX

size..... 2 disksides

release.. o8/o2

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ñ"Quasimodos"ð? Yes, the same band  that showed  already with ó"Ergo Bibamus"ð their
cool skills  in demo creating, striked  now back  with a quite differend kind of
demo, but later more...

Right at first after starting with  diskside one a setup screen appears, showing
a not so blasting Quasimodos logo. But ofcourse we wont setup anything and so we
started the demo straight forward. Then a  loading screen  comes up, showing the
status of loading the  demo, cool, eh? ;) and  after a (long) while  including a
diskchange the demo starts with a nice styled intro picture and a neat chipmusic
starts to play. So just take a look on it here...

{*i PACEM1.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

òNot bad, eh?

Then  there are some  line vectors  building up  the title  logo and then... the
scenery! What scenery? Wait, I'll  tell you! The lines are forming some 2d scene
in black/white like known  from so many  jump and  run games, and suddenly small
animated freax  are blowing life into it, running around and starting to beat up
each other... wow!
Has somebody  watched too much  Jacky Chan movies  here? Anyway, it goes on like
that and  there seems  to be some super hero that is fighting against all others
with  chops, kicks  and jumps, later  on some  of his enemies  are going unfair,
using daggers, wands and  other equipment, but he beats them up all, slices them
with the dagger and so on... òthe animations are really well doneð for such little
objects and it  is fun to watch the  stuff, esp. since it is a quite interesting
and òentertaining ideað... Take a closer look onto it here...

{*i PACEM2.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

òI have to admit, it looks  quite boring  in this static screenshot! But you have
òto see it moving!

Then another  guy appeared  with a white  bubble over the head, saying "boss"...
Aaah! Level matched? Anyway, the whole thing zooms in to show us the final fight
from a better perspective... and so they're jumping and kicking around and since
the sprites  are quite big now, they are  also better  and smooth animated, pure
entertainment!

And it still isn't enough since suddenly the whole scenery turns into 3d and you
can watch  the last  move/kick in  3d perspective! And  as the  kick landed  the
screen turns into white! Wow!

Then there comes the endpart with technical  information, credits and greetings,
followed by their web link... ñhttp://www.quasimodos.px.pl

ófinal words... I have to admit, it is quite a  while ago  that I saw such a nice
ó               entertaining demo  production. It isn't  just a follow up of some
ó               effects  like in  the "traditional" way, no. Even if  the created
ó               animation is in black & white only and the sprites are very small
ó               it is always fun to  watch it, the idea  alone is a bit crazy and
ó               the movements of those little guys is as realistic as possible in
ó               such low resolution, really  well done. The music matches well to
ó               the demo  and the rest around  this animation part is quite ok as
ó               well... This demo has a quite refreshing touch!

ó___ðratingsó______________________________________________________________________

ñvisuals.......ð  6o % ñ- grafix are ok, fighters animation, a bit colourless
ñaudio.........ð  75 % ñ- good chipmusic
ñeffects.......ð  7o % ñ- some vector stuff, the animated fight rocks!
ñdesign........ð  5o % ñ- some nice transitions, nice colours...
ñoriginality...ð  9o % ñ- cool idea with the beat'em'up movie thingie!

ó___ðoveralló______ð69ó_ð%ó____________________________________________________________

Yo... if the  surroundings wouldn't  be that  sparse, this  demo would be a real
burner...

ó_ò.tSCc.ó__________________________________________________________òmoondogó_òo9/2k2ó_