ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      "PARACON 4 INVITATION" by PARANOIA
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system .... ST, STe, Falcon, STeem!, 512 KB RAM, RGB, VGA

size ...... 8o KB

credits ... code - Paranoid
            gfx  - Paranoid, TNT
            msx  - Luebke

release ... 1o/2oo2

url ....... òhttp://paracon.atari.org

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

At last, quite unexpected, a new lifesign from  PARANOIA! Apart from their works
on a C16/PLUS 4 emulation for the Atari 16/32 bit range of computers it was damn
quiet  around them  in the last months, just  think that  their last release was
done for the PARACON 3 last year in autumn, too...

But as it seems  the rule: a PARACON party organized by PARANOIA brings PARANOID
back to release a PARANOIA productions... thats damn paranoid, eeeh!

Since this intro works on  all ST and  Falcon machines  PARANOID seems to try to
move still on both systems, besides his tries to create something on C64 as well
and I hope he will go on this way... Enuff crap here!

The intro  starts with  a black screen  showing a ñshaking PARANOIA logoð, that is
dithered... right  here ña nice  little chip  musicð starts  to play, reminding me
hard  to older blip-blopper  tunes, in fact  a good idea  and move away from the
nowadays sid voice flood, even if sid voices rocking as well. The whole thing
looks like this...

{*i PARACON1.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

òWhy are you trembling? Are you in fear?!

The show  goes on showing a photo from the last PARACON party, showing the usual
suspects, namely the members of PARANOIA. The picture  fades to grey  scales and
with a grey  font the single members are introduced now. The picture is of quite
good quality btw... and not using full 16 colours... The reason for this is also
quite simple... later on other smaller  pictures taken on the last years PARACON
are overlaying it, using  more colours in parts... It's  nice to see some of the
freaks that attended there in here, just as RAY, FLASH or STS...

The show  goes on with  ña nice effectð, ñenlighted  bobs are  flying aroundð on the
screen, in the  background the picture of  a Pringles chips package is displayed
together with the words "hot and spicey" (or something)...

{*i PARACON2.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

òGimme chips man!

Then the show  goes on with  showing a grey  screen and displaying  informations
about the  party, always  broken up with  another  pringles  screen, showing the
enlighted bobs in other colours and waveforms. ñStill a nice effect...
And so it goes on, page by page and waveform by waveform, bringing informations,
greetings and credits...

Btw... the whole informations can be found here...

ò>---> PARACON 4 INVITATION FILE <---<                                             {*\PARAINVI.TXT}

Ok... pressing space  smashes you back  onto the desk, just to write those lines
here...

ñfinal words... PARANOIA striked back, quite unexpected. This little  intro gives
ñ               not too much away but  shows that  they're still  alive and still
ñ               working on something. The two  shown effects are good looking and
ñ               giving the proove that PARANOIA are still working on their skills
ñ               and the development goes well. The chip music is nice and overall
ñ               original done (only a bit short), the most lack lays in the small
ñ               grafix parts. Neither the  used font nor  the background pictures
ñ               are breaking any limits... Anyway, welldone...

ó___ðratingsó______________________________________________________________________

ñvisuals.......ð  5o % ñ- pictures and font of mediocre quality
ñaudio.........ð  75 % ñ- nice chiptune, only a bit short, therefore original
ñeffects.......ð  65 % ñ- two quite cool effects, I like the ditherstuff
ñdesign........ð  5o % ñ- arg, not much to say, on this point could be more done
ñoriginality...ð  6o % ñ- no real originality blast, but quite nice ideas

ó___Overalló______ð6oó_ð%ó____________________________________________________________

Ok, let's see what will bring us the party then, more please!

ó_ò.tSCc.ó__________________________________________________________òmoondogó_ò1o/2k2ó_