Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        EVEN MORE D-BUG COMPILES TO CHECK
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It took quite a while for the D-BUG guys to go on with  their compacts but now I
am quite sure they will somewhen reach their goal to release at least 2oo menus.
After  number 179 in January  it didn't  took that  long to kick out even 3 disx
more... So enough stuff to open another D-BUG menu article :)

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    D-BUG 179
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After a longer break D-BUG  presents us, right with  the release STAXs' new game
"Zombie Apocalypse" another games compile... ofcourse featuring this game.

The Menu offers  a small intro  with a  picture  by C-REM and  a  bending raster
scroller. It  brings us 3 games  this time and with REALM OF THE TROLLS that was
also known as DOWN AT THE TROLLS, an old  game  from Rainbow Arts that was never
cracked  before and is some little diamond  on this disk, as nobody  who doesn't
owns the original should have it.
Unfortunately I have to admit that I'm checking those compiles on emulation (Ha!
Shame on me!) and so  the Data disk creation doesn't run and I get bombed out of
the game, too bad, but I am  not that  much motivated to  dig out my STs down in
the cellars and search a place on my limited desk for them... I'm getting old...

ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE was reviewed in this UCM already, check it out. SHW brought us
a trained version btw.

And the third game is "TRAPPED 2", an up-to-four player Tron game by Digital Dan
that I think I have already seen some years  ago, but I am not sure. Anyway, the
game is nice, even  for one player as the other players can be controlled by the
computer as well. Somehow the game  impresses with the many options you can take
and reminds a bit in this way to the todays Reservoir Gods  productions. But the
rest, apart from the fun, is just mediocre, the grafix  are a complete tristesse
and except an  old schoolish tracker intro music  you get just a few chip noises
in the game... Seems to be some diskfiller in the end...

ÒSo what? Nice menu even though it  isn't that digestible  for emulation users...
ÒBut to know more about "Realm of the Trolls" I may build up my ST somewhen...

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    D-BUG 18o
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After the  usual bootsector saying D-BUG 180 a little  title picture by C-REM (I
have the  feeling he is involved anywhere, no? :) comes  up and to the nice chip
sounds by 5o5 a better intro as the usual  scroller-sprite-combinations pops up,
even tough it is  again a recycled  one. Again Evl  jumps in and  smashes a cute
blurred texture mapping tunnel with a transparent D-BUG logo onto the screen.

The usual scroller announces us two games, Superfly and Roger. So what?

SUPERFLY is quite  an old hat  today, over  one year  around  already and surely
played to death. Overall it  seems as  everyone  already tried it out and should
have it  at all. Without  any  doubt it is  a very nice  game with  an addiction
factor of 15o % or something, but as said, the hype the Reservoir Gods have made
around their late  productions  made them  to the most spreaded games today, I'm
quite  sure of this, so  its appearance on a compact menu that late isn't a real
burner. So it's surely just on the disk as it wasn't compiled before.

ROGER... Yes... I never heard of this game before, too. But you can find a quite
detailed  review in the  games  corner as I leeched and played the filed version
before. Anyway, with  this game the D-BUGgers  again found some quite rare thing
that gives  this  menu some sense and while I have to admit that I didn't played
SUPERFLY again, I played that game  a lot as I haven't seen and played it so far
and it's a jump'n'run  thing and I really  don't know when  I have played such a
game on my STE for the last time.

ÒSo well done, another  goodie that raises  this menu over the swamp of thousands
Òworthless disx...

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       181
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The last menu for this multi review is coming up. The intro is more oldschoolish
again, with scroller, starfield  and a sprite logo  made of big letters, I guess
you know who did them... C-REM again :) The chip music is very nice btw...

This menu features 3 games again.

MERCENARY 3 - THE DION CRISIS is a 3D  adventure by  Novagen, completely made in
filled vector grafix but awfully boring, games don't get better if they're older
hehehe...

TURN N BURN is  the second one  and an a bit  Asteroids like space shot'em'up by
Flair Software. Its design isn't  that bad, the  grafix are  well drawn, but the
sound effects are a bit going onto your nerves with the time. You're flying with
your little spaceship over a stable screen while enemies in different wave forms
coming along, from asteroids over smileys  and fishes, hu? You  can collect some
extras and your job is clear, turn and  burn, turn your ship and destroy all the
nasties. Makes really fun for a while. The game  is trained ofcourse, but a real
shooter hero does not need that, no?

CAVE MANIA at  least seems to be the old brother of CHUCK ROCK  and PREHISTORIK,
it's a jump'n'run  game where  you take  the role of  a bad animated  stonetimes
man and you have to make your way through the jungle. The title and intro grafix
leaving a bad  taste, while the  in-game grafix  aren't that bad, except for the
point that there are just minimal animations and the control is quite dumb.
Another bad point is the sound that is, erm... just a bunch of chip noises, brr,
boing, bomp... very entertaining. Short, this game is just wasted time...

ÒThis menu can't hold  the quality of the  former ones, it's  just mediocre, just
ÒTURN N BURN was played for more  than just  one round  by me... but surely it is
Òalso a matter of taste, but  you don't have to  forget that the MERCENARY series
Ònever got that good reviews ;)

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     182
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Number 182 digs  deep in the ST games  history but  somehow it just digs out two
damn  old  and never  cracked  GEM games. With "UNIVERSE 2" we  have some  space
trading thing or something, no grafix  just text messages  and alert boxes, wow,
I didn't knew that gambling on the ST was that exciting in the past ;)

BREAKERS, the second game, was cracked by Zippy of the Medway Boys lately, huu!,
and it's... a text adventure with a helping parser. And after all, I never liked
games like this as it is a damn dry genre for me.

ÒThe menu contains overall a very small intro  and that's it. This disk is surely
Òfor collectors only  that miss those old games  in their archive, furthermore it
Òhelps to save those old games from the trashcan as with such old games you don't
Òknow how many originals are still around.

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     183
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This latest menu  forced me to re-open  that article again, as it just has to be
mentioned here. This one contains a very well done intro, featuring a 512 colors
picture  scrolling zoomed  in fullscreen  around on the screen while a sample by
Duran Duran gets replayed in the background. Oldschool but cool...

The menu  contains two games, "Realms of Reality", that is a damn fine shareware
roleplayer  in style of Dungeon Master, featuring  well drawn grafix and sampled
sounds. It surely plays in the same league as several other shareware rpg's just
like Arcan.

The second game  is "Tiles Osmosis" by Cerebral Vortex... a puzzle game that may
be re-released as  I think I saw it  many years back but I can't remember right.
But who cares in the end, except  for the fact that it seems that I really don't
understand the gameplay... maybe I'm too fed  up in testing out something in the
last days before the planned release of UCM?

ÒSo what? A nice  menu again, featuring  a quite stunning  intro  using an effect
Òthat wasn't tormented  to death before on ST. Both games are quite rare and will
Òfind their lovers.

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

5 more  compiles on the  way to number 2oo... not  the biggest  surprises but at
least three containing some nice and rare stuff.

Û_________________________________________________________________ÚmoondogÛ_Úo3/2k4Û_
