Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          CHECKING A BUNCH OF D-BUG MENUS
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As I somehow fucked up with testing D-BUG compacts for UCM # 24 I will do it now
a bit later. In fact I was a bit disturbed that mOdmate just reviewed one single
menu in the end  and wasn't in the right mood to start another article about the
D-BUG stuff... So here we go with a real bunch of disx...

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       173
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This disk starts again  with a quite unimpressive bootblock screen but offers us
then a very well done intro by  evl/DHS, showing some  D-BUG logo overlayed with
some bumpmapping effect or something and a nice chiptune by 5o5.
The menu is a complete games menu this time, presenting us 3 games.

At first we have CHAOS v1.1 that is a public domain game, and somehow I have the
feeling to have  seen it already some years before. CHAOS is a strategic fantasy
game where some wizards, the player and a special  number of computer controlled
or even  controlled by other  humans are fighting against  each other with their
spells. The actions  are controlled  by keys on the  keyboard and the  game runs
move by move. To put  it in a nutshell, I didn't  liked the game before and I do
not like it today. It is quite boring to me as I don't see it moving right and I
have problems to understand the whole meaning and working of the game at all, it
is just something for freax, that like it to  be tormented with dumb samples and
the worst grafix seen over the last decade. CHAOS - zero points!

We go  on with CLACKER, an old  Budgie UK game, so  it was  licenceware  and not
around for  free and I have  to admit, I didn't saw it  before as it wasn't that
easy here in Germany to get licence games from the UK.
CLACKER starts with a much  more friendly looking title screen and is quite easy
to understand and to play. CLACKER is a puzzle game  a bit in the way of "Towers
of Hanoi", you get many coloured blocks  and have to sort  them together, if you
get a special number of blocks  in a row  they will be deleted  from the screen,
but you have to think twice as every block  you have dropped  stays there untill
you put matching ones to it, you can't move them anymore.
The game design isn't that spectacular  and you see on every  edge that the game
is quite old, the  grafix are  colourful but not  that stylish, animations are a
bit  low, the sound  consists  of some chip  noises, that's it. But it makes fun
anyway and is good for playing and  mind tormenting some  minutes or hours, esp.
as it features 1o difficulty levels for beginners up to real cracks...

At last we have now JET SET WILLY in a trained  version. Arf, what to say, I had
to vomit  right  at the title  screen  as we get some  Spectrum 1:1 or something
conversion of a jump'n'run game. I really  don't understand to pack such crap on
a compile as this one is  just a pure collectors item as it kicks the ST tech in
any point into the ass... ugliest  grafix and sound  with nerving factor 1oo are
the purest vomit utilities... just forget it...

ÒSo what about this disk? The intro  is well done and  stylish, but the presented
Ògames are... hum, not  really my taste. CLACKER is quite  ok for playing a round
Òbut the rest can be kicked into the trashcan. This compact is more or less a bit
Òwasted time and effort... save the intro and delete the rest...

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       174
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This disk comes along with another  bootblock screen  and, again a cool intro by
evl with  another view on his  bumpmap effect and another cool blip-blopping msx
by 5o5. Again we have a pure games disk featuring again 3 games.

At first  we have BOSTON BOMB CLUB by Silmarils, so  we move forwards, away from
PD shit. BOSTON BOMB CLUB reminds  hard to  Pipemania, you  just have to build a
way for a bomb instead of water on a table. You just  have to guide  them savely
to the goal without letting them explode or falling from the table.
What to say more? Special blocks and money  markers that bringing points to your
score are making it a bit more difficult. The grafix stuff is always excellent,
as it was always at later Silmarils games, the sound comes along in sampled way,
so overall a nice little game, but I have to admit that it doesn't hits my taste
really.

The second game is called SIEGEMASTER that is an action  adventure with many RPG
elements in Zelda style where you have to solve several puzzles and quests...
but... don't ask me more about it as I wasn't in the mood to play a round on it,
just take a  look by yourself. The grafix are in parts quite  ok for such an old
game, the chip musix quite oldschoolish and the  3sampled sound very noisy... But
I think if you're  an adventure fan and  you haven't checked it out so far, just
give it a try...

For the third game  we are smashed to the  desk, it's ROBIN SMITH'S INTERNATIONAL
CRICKED... gosh... just forget it as  I hate sport  games, esp. if the guy on the
titlescreens looks more like an ape as a human being... ;)

ÒSo what  at the end? BOSTON BOMB CLUB is  a nice little  game, I remember to have
Òplayed  it  on  Amiga sometimes  in the  past, but  today I don't  get that a big
Òconnection to it anymore. SIEGEMASTER needs  some time to  fiddle in and if I had
Òsome more time I would check it out deeper as I didn't played  and saw it so far,
Òthe last  game is just  another piece for  the trashcan... The  nice intro not to
Òforget, overall a mediocre compil without special highlights.

Û---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       175
Û---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After the usual bootblock  we get an oldschoolish intro again, scrolly + pic, you
know, featuring a nice sid tune by NoMore of Animal Mine, a track I haven't heard
so far I think.

Just to games to examine this  time, GODPEY and WALLS OF ILLUSION. So not much to
say about  GODPEY as it  was hyped like hell over the last  year, just one of the
best puzzlers released at all on the ST, well done RES GODS...

WALLS OF ILLUSION is a special thing, as it is  the full version  that comes from
the german  POOL series  and was  some  kind of licenceware/shareware before  and
overall, formerly released just in german  language! Not the best move for a role
player, no? So it  was brought  to english now, even tough I  didn't had problems
with the german version, hehe.
It is a  mouse controlled  DM style roleplayer  with very good  grafix and stuff,
could kick several commercial games in the ass if you ask me. The control is very
easy and completely solved over mouse and apart from the quite outstanding grafix
it offers  a few sampled sounds, comfortable save functions, automapping and such
stuff. So if you are tired from DUNGEON MASTER and alikes, take this one for some
further adventures.

ÒWhat about  the disk itself? Hum, not a  bad one, but the release  of GODPEY on a
Òcompact after all have played it  to death isn't  the killer idea. The other game
Òis quite cool and I played the PD version many times in the past, today I have to
Òadmit, I lost the connection  to such games. So  overall not  a bad  disk, but no
Òkicking one as well...

Û---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        176
Û---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Other bootblock, new luck? Yeps, a nice plasma intro and 3 games included.

We  start  with UNDER PRESSURE, a  horizontal  shot'em'up, where  you're  running
around with a big mechwarrior to fight against quite strange nasties.
The game offers tracked  music, a bunch  of fx in the game itself, in parts quite
well drawn  grafix and may be good for a round when you're in the mood to destroy
something. Not  a killergame  but not that  bad at all, we saw  more bad stuff on
previous disx.

At next there is HERO, but  not the quite  ok game from  the middle nineties that
was called to  be FLASHBACK for the ST, nope, this  one is some  kind of overhead
dungeon game with slightly roleplaying elements. You  can load or create your own
charackter and start to explore the dungeons, but I doubt you will step that deep
into the  game, the  visuals are  horrible, audio  nearly not  available  and the
control a pervert mix out of keyboard and  mouse. The whole thing is just a laugh
and I fastly pressed the reset button...

The last one is PACIFIC ASSAULT in trained version  and guess  what, it is a SEUK
game, so made with the shot'em'up construction kit. You  surely  remember my test
of ASM Softwares MEGASTAR back in UCM 23? Here we have a little better colleague,
the grafix are worked out much  better, but... the  sound stays  the same and the
gameplay  is still damn boring... Nothing  more than a diskfiller and surely from
the PD...

ÒOverall this  compact leaves just the  taste to be a number  between many others,
Òonly  UNDER PRESSURE looks  slightly better then  the rest... Get it, test it and
Òstore it in a diskbox, if you're collector... The rest surely will reuse the disk
Òfor other purposes...

Û---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        177
Û---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This compact  comes  on two  disx, bringing us  with colourful  raster intros the
football simulation PREMIER MANAGER 2 and  as diskfillers  two more games, DOUBLE
JUGGLE VEGETABOBLE by the RES GODS and BRIDES OF DRACULA on disk two.

Maybe it is interesting to know  that PREMIER MANAGER 2 was one of the last games
by GREMLIN GRAPHICS for the ST, released in 1993...

So what to say, have to make it short, as I  don't like football simulations, the
juggling game is an old hat already and I didn't got BRIDES OF DRACULA to run, as
the actions ended at the joystick screen... hu?

ÒAnd as I just don't want to start further examinations here I just shut up ;)

Û---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       178
Û---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ok, here we have the last disk for  today and I have  to admit that  I am somehow
tired of checking more  compacts now. The intro is  quite stunning, gives us some
kind of GOLDRUNNER feeling  with scrolling  background, spacefighter  sprites and
the usual scrollers and some more little things.

This disk brings us TRASH HEAP  that, bombs  away at the  title screen  so that I
couldn't check it out further... and at second  STARBALL, the glorious PD flipper
from  VOLUME 11 DEVELOPMENTS, that was  the  first  real  stunning  and  playable
pinball  game on the ST with  gorgious grafix and  effects, maybe one of the best
PD games of the nineties  on the ST if you  ask me, as it  offers apart  from the
flipper game a  3 screens high table, many bonus games and stuff, a must seen and
a must have. But have I mentioned that my old crew THE NAUGHTY BYTES has released
a  compact  disk containing  Starball nearly  1o years back, too? And have I also
mentioned that I packed this disk together? Grin... :)

ÒAbout this  disk, not much to say, nice intro, a stunning game that unfortunately
Òwas spreaded like hell in the past but may find some interested gamblers 1o years
Òlater now. Not a bad disk if the first game would run properly...

Û---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After all, don't take the reviews too serious, as games are a matter of taste and
a matter or the taste of  the emulation  that obviously  didn't liked  the one or
other game, or am  I wrong? Shame on me to torture STEEM instead of the real hard
ware... but I'm not in the mood to  copy disx and search for a place for my ST at
the moment... maybe next year? :)

Û__________________________________________________________________ÚmoondogÛ_Ú1o/2k3Û_


