Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           "Fantasia" by Dune
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system ... STfm, STe, STEEM, RGB, 512 KB RAM

credits .. code - Chuck, Corbeau, ST Ghost, Frost, Terence, Zerkman
           gfx  - Mic
           msx  - Sector One

size ..... one disk

release .. 12/2oo3, first shown on EIL # 3

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

And here  we have another  late release  of an Error In Line demo  and I have to
admit, I don't know  what parts are changed and which not since I saw it for the
first  time over a  half year ago. But  now at  least  the subtitle  of the demo
matches, a winter tale :)

It's again a selfbooting demo disk, one of  the things we knew from the past and
that are so damn seldom nowadays and so it starts with a little info screen with
hints about  copying the  demo and so on and then the effect rain starts, a nice
vector square  is changing the  screen and a  nice chip tune by DMA SC starts to
play that somehow  sounds like a medley-remix of some old demo tunes so be right
prepared for some flashback moments :)

The screen turns  violet, another  vector square  appears changing into a little
Dune logo, a small gelee ball  comes up, bounces on the logo and makes it swing,
and  then a vector  object flies  over the screen  while a presents logo scrolls
upwards on the right border and the screen reveals the title logo screen, a very
colourfull and  wonderfull drawn picture by Mic, using the  advanced features of
NeoChrome Master to include more colours via raster palette splits. This feature
was quite seldom used in demos but I remember some other Dune screens using this
feature as well if I'm right... It isn't that easy to paint that way, I tried it
long time ago too, but the result was a laugh :)
Anyway, well done!

We go on with a vector  tunnel, telling  us that the "Dream just goes on"... and
we get a  cute picture with  some text and a little girl saying "Hi". It goes on
with some delayed  splines and a vertical Dune logo scrolls upwards on the right
border again.

We get some  small picture, telling  us that the  following thing is "oldschool"
and so  it is, a  big 4 plane  sprite Dune logo, that  transforms  into a vector
square and finally into a small grey vector cube.

{*i FANTASI1.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

ÛHell, Corbeau knows how to code 3d stuff!

Ofcourse the  next screen should be "newschool" then, as the nice little picture
tells us, while  a small sprite  is flying over  the screen, and so we get again
vector cubes, but  texture mapped ones, and not one, two or three, nope, four of
them, nice textured and quite fast moving. They fly around  on the screen untill
only one is left, this one zooms in and stops to move and a gouraud shaded torus
is coming  up, as this one vanished, the cube starts to movem, gets smaller then
and starts to distort very smooth. He zooms in again, still  disting, and in the
end we see the cube together with the gouraud shaded torus.
Surely a  nice effect  even though it is  stretched  a bit too much and the back
ground colour is really -not- newschool :)

The next screen looks more stylish  then, showing some animated stuff, saying to
be the inner  machinery of Fantasia, this  screen looks very strange but somehow
also very cool, like it.

{*i FANTASI2.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

ÛHum, very stylish thingie!

Then an Atari logo jumps in on the right side of the screen while the rest of it
gets filled up with a 4 plane rotating zoomer, that falls  obviously back behind
the one in the winning demo "Posh" by Checkpoint, but still is nice to look at.
After all is faded away we see a gelee cube flying around that gets stable  then
and gets mirrored on a vector square in the end, followed by the credits screen,
that  shows the names  of the heroes (but not all) of  the demo again in  a nice
raster coloured picture, followed by a little logo for Sector One that deserve a
special hi here as they were hard involved in that demo again.

We then  see a vector star flying over the  screen that is followed  by some old
but always  nice effect, interferences, followed  by  another  nice one, as  the
screen gets sprayed with dots objects in different styles.

This small screens get followed by a  more complex one, showing a turning ground
on rasters  and a load of  sprites that  jump around and then move in the way as
the ground  turns around itself. A bit  hard to describe but nice to look at, as
well as  the next one, a strange  disted background picture, that gets  shown in
original style after this.

And then we have reached the end of the demo, showing us a nice blue screen with
a huge info  scroll and small comic sprite fishes swiming over the screen, looks
very nice. If you now press space the demo starts again...

What a nice show! But... somehow I  have to admit that I was in hope to see even
more stuff...

ÒFinal words ... Dune did it again, somehow, and again together with the chaps of
Ò                Sector One even though the main works are now done by themselves
Ò                in comparison  with "Odd Stuff"... This demo features a big load
Ò                of different effects, "old school" and "new school", a very nice
Ò                soundtrack and a bunch of very well done pictures by an old hero
Ò                of pixel  painting on  Atari... but, damn, still some "but"... I
Ò                have to  say that it didn't kicked me from the chair in the  end
Ò                as it  didn't matched it to  deplace "Odd Stuff" really. Without
Ò                any doubt  it is a nice  demo but  it misses the  special "whoa"
Ò                effect, sorry to say so. It features all the things we know from
Ò                Dune demos, nice design, well  chosen colours, nice  pixels  and
Ò                good effects but in the end it still misses some special spice..


Û_______________________________________________________________ÚmoondogÛ_Úo1/2k4Û___
