Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    "Fred's Find" by The Cyberpunks
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system ... STfm, STe, STEEM, 512 KB RAM, RGB, Joystick supported

genre .... Boulderdash clone

release .. o2/o4 - 11 years too late

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Quite unexpected another  old game that never  made it to a release popped up to
feed the hungry ST gamblers. As we got with "Roger" a quite good one, my hope to
see another nice one was quite high, so I leeched the stuff and checked it out..

After I found myself back  in the intro, my hopes vanished quite fast. The whole
intro comes along  in just 5 colours and looks like some 2o years old 8bit game,
arf! I was quite disturbed, as I didn't expected such grafix in a game from 1993
in the end, even if  it was planned to be given away on a ST Format coverdisk as
the intro suggests and so it should be in the public domain.

{*i FRED1.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

ÒThe intro leaves already a strange feeling...

The intro  comes along  with a  soundtrack  using a module  at quite  low replay
frequency, even  on the normal ST it  could sound better, esp. as the intro does
not contain  any impressive  effects or  something else. The  same goes  for the
style of the  tune, very (a bit too) oldschool  for my ears. The intro  tells us
the credits  and gives some  major information  about playing the  game. You can
chose one of the first 3 levels to start on.

And so  I did... next  shock coming  along... The grafix  look very awful, again
just like 8bit  or something, the  design of  our  hero and the  objects  on the
screen is also quite  low, the colours are bad chosen and I would say it doesn't
matches to stay high over the original Boulderdash on the ST from 1987 or so.
The animations  are very sparse and  don't break any limits and the actions come
along with some sampled FX if you collect gems or other items.

The aim of the game  is clear, move  through the labyrinth, get all the gems and
goodies, collect keys to open doors and avoid contact with the baddies that move
around in special ways  through the  labyrinth, and overall, avoid it to get one
of the many stones smashed onto your head. And that's more or less all about the
game.

{*i FRED2.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

ÒThe in-game grafix are all other than impressive...

There are a lot of levels to go through, you can edit some levels by yourself or
import some levels from  the game that  stood as godfather for  it, from the old
BBC 8bit home computers. But I have  to admit, that doesn't makes the  game more
tasty for  me, as I was and I am  still an addict for  nice designed games, that
like to tease eyes and ears as well as the brain.

Surely, it teases the  brain a lot as the levels are quite tricky to solve right
on from the  beginning, but in  the end especially  my eyes get tortured all the
time and I wonder if the good old Atari ST deserves such  bad styled games... On
this one a lot could be done with better grafix and animations, but  it seems as
the ST will  never get an  asskicking Boulderdash clone  as the  Falcon got  for
example with "Cavemania", the most conversions of  this game  on the ST suffered
in parts under the very ugly grafix, such as this one here too...

ÒFinal words ... A quite unexpected release in a "we dig our old stuff out mania"
Ò                but while some of those long lost things are quite stunning even
Ò                today, just  as "Roger" for  example, others  can't  hide  their
Ò                origin, the early  nineties, and surely wouldn't have been a hit
Ò                even 1o years  ago, just  as "Fred's Find". It is just one other
Ò                of the few mediocre Boulderdash clones that invaded the ST but I
Ò                have to admit that it didn't matched it to make much more out of
Ò                the old  idea of the game as its design isn't really teasing the
Ò                eyes... But in the end, it  may still be usefull for some gaming
Ò                rounds for the one or other...

Û_______________________________________________________________ÚmoondogÛ_Úo3/2k4Û___
