Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             IDEMLINE IS BACK IN TOWN
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Idemline? I know there  was something... ahhh... the one man team with all those
many projects and releases in the late nineties! Idemline still stands for quite
strange styled screens in my mind and I remember  that he flooded the scene with
small releases that were in parts not that bad.

But then  silence  came over  Idemline and Sine, the coder. I often  checked his
homepage but somehow no releases popped up again. His screen for the  STNICCC 2k
was never released and the last update of his homepage was done in 2oo1.
Somehow  I didn't  thought to see  him back  somewhen. But  here you can see how
wrong I was, as  he released  two small screens  short after the deadline of the
DHS Xmas compo, and happily  they didn't vanished and  were given to public even
if they have missed the  deadline and the size  rules. We often know productions
that stay away from the users in this way...

So here we go to check out what Sine brought us lately.

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   "25KoPo v.o"
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system .. STfm, STe, Falcon, STEEM, RGB, 512 KB RAM, VGA not tested

credits . all things done by Sine

size .... 25 KB

release . 12/2oo3

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This screen didn't matched it to  take part in the  competition as it was fairly
too big to fit in the size rules.

After loading  you can right  smell, taste, hear and see, Idemline is back! Yes,
the intro  starts right  away with the  known strange style. I mean  that unique
design and the very strange ideas, you know?

This time he starts with a jumping Idemline logo and other little dsign elements
that is finally followed by some kind of Windows something, where a mouse cursor
is clicking onto an item in the  opened window. Now  you can see some ascii demo
effect... very, very ill idea! The whole thing comes along  in just two colours,
black and white, while a very strange music is played.
Then a second object is clicked  on and we go further  into the screen, at first
seeing some  kind of sine  line (I mean the  mathematic function, eh) and  those
lines get coloured  then, showing the usual  animations and a scroller on a very
flickering background. Three musix can be chosen, one stranger as the other, the
last one is, an xmas tune, you guessed it.

{*i 25KPO.pi1 m 0 20 0 200}

ÚWow... what colourful screens! :)

After pressing space the whole screen is deleted while running and a "see you in
our next  production" gives the  impression that there is more Idemline stuff to
come.

ÒSo what... Idemline is back  in the way we know from past productions, with very
Òunique style, many  animations, strange colours, grafix, musix and ideas. If you
Òliked his previous stuff you may love this one too. If you  never found a way to
Òenjoy his productions better make a big bow around it...

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    "&HF"
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system .. STfm, STe, Falcon, STEEM, 512 KB, RGB, VGA not tested

credits . all things done by Sine

size .... 15 KB

release . 12/2oo3

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After his first  screen was too big to fullfill the size rules, he did this one,
that unfortunately came to late and missed the deadline. Life sucks :)

This intro starts a bit more stylish as the previous one and offers more colours
such as some pink wave that comes up after the intro  text. Later on little snow
is falling and we get a scroller with the usual information, finally we even get
some real grafix or something, showing  some strange guy  who surely isn't Santa
Claus, maybe he is its french double?

{*i HF.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

ÚWho is the red man?!

The musix  are quite the  same as in the  first screen but seem to feature other
tones. Still very strange for my ears.

After pressing space the screen gets deleted as the waves scroll up to the upper
border, deleting  all things on the  screen then, ending up with the same saying
as in demo one.

ÒSo what? This screen tastes a lot better, also  to me. The  style is  still very
ÒIdemline a like, but more digestible. It doesn't flickers like the other one and
Òisn't looking that trist. My favourite new Idemline screen.

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I still wonder why Sine is fighting alone, as he does all by himself that surely
isn't an easy job. I always try to imagine what this guy could do with the right
help in grafix and musix when he is able to focuse on his code only as he showed
us in his older productions already, that he can do more than just strange ani's
and sprites and scrollers...

ÒAnyway, nice to see you back guy!

Û_________________________________________________________________ÚmoondogÛ_Úo2/2k4Û_
