Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             LAST MINUTE REVIEWS
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Some small  items appeared  quite short  before the  release, such as those long
forgotten things that now got kicked out finally...

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              "Houba" by Zuul
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system ... ST, STe, 512 KB RAM, RGB, STEEM

credits .. code - Stix
           gfx  - kwll
           msx  - Jess of Overlanders

release .. first shown up 1995/96 but obviously never really spreaded

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This small  multipart screen  was already  wellknown to  me, as this  screen was
released  already about  7 years (!) ago by  Tronic of Effect  as part of the so
called "Casimir Park" demo by "Zig Zag"... Obviously  he was  drunken as  he put
the stuff together  as the maker was no one else than Stix of Zuul. While Tronic
released the screen  together with another one, the "Xotrion Demo" (Hu, maybe it
is another rarity?! Please mail me if you want me to give it to the public!) it
comes now along alone...

{*i HOUBA.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

What to say, while  the screen uses a wellknown chip tune by Jess of Overlanders
it offers us  slick Amiga 5oo design, just as it was in the days of 1993... some
screens in nice colours, always featuring some filled vector objects like a pen,
a gameboy and other stuff, as well as some very weird sorted texts.

Very stunning  is the part  with the vector  scenery later  on, showing  a quite
detailed  spaceship landing  on a  station. Unfortunately  this one  is the last
screen, leaving a dark purple background.

ÒAs I know that screen  nothing really new for me... but eh... who cares, it is a
Ònice one  and that  is what counts, nice  design using several nice transitions,
Ògood vector objects, nice pixels and a cool tune, even though it isn't a new one
Òin the end...

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           "Golden Age" by Hysteria
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system ... ST, STe, 512 KB RAM, RGB, STEEM

Û---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In fact that band  was just known from its name to me before, I never saw a demo
or screen by  them and now a bunch of screens for a complete megademo were found
somewhere... 8 screens  now wait  for a  small look... One  thing that was quite
interesting is the  fact that at least two members of Hysteria made their way on
the ST demo scene  in the very  early nineties, as Jovis, their grafician joined
Zuul later  on and did  some very  cool artwork for them, while Mephistow, their
musician joined Dune later on.

ÚGREETING

The greetings  screen, what else, featuring  some quite nice  pixels by Jovis, a
scroller made with a very  big 4 plane font and finally some noisy tracker musix
with very low replay rate. To be honest, this one looks like a demo maker screen
done with DCK...

ÚLOADER

This one  says "hello boys... here's the main menu!" but in  the end it  is just
the loaderscreen, but a nice one, featuring some nice pixels by Jovis and a cool
chip tune  using digidrums  by Mephistow. But if you finally press space  as the
screen is telling you you get a reset... hmmpf.

ÚMEGAZOOM

This one features a neat picture by Jovis again, that was later used in the Zuul
demo "Lame Trop" if I remember right, as  those screens here weren't released in
the end. You  can listen to a looped sample and scroll around the zoomed picture
in fullscreen using the cursor keys. Meuh...

ÚPLASMA

Woargl, Count Zero?! Nope, Mephistow, did  the msx. We get a fullscreen, showing
a nice pixeled  logo by Jovis  and we also see the date of creation... 12.o2.91!
Huuah... a true oldie! But  somehow we don't get a  plasma as the title suggests
at first, you  have to play around with the keyboard  to  create some very nasty
plasma  effects, doing  nothing brings  the  same, nothing... one of the typical
"change coordinates/datas" screens  from  the past... unfortunately this  screen
doesn't quits clean as the others do...

ÚRESET

This screen  features a starfield, some line vector logo  as well as the contact
adress  from Hysteria (use it at your own risk, hehe). The best thing in here is
the cool chiptune using some kind of digidrums.

ÚSPACE

This one  brings a  trackertune, with  starfield  and  vector bobs  in different
objects as well as a scroller. Hmmm... not much to add here.

ÚWATZAT

This one brings  a scroller, disting  moving background and some screwed up gfx,
old chip musix by Mad the Max, as well as vertical rasters.

ÚYAFOULE

This one  says  only "Are you ready for it?" and  smashes  some bombs  on purple
background... :(

ÒWhat to say? The screens  are on the state of 199o/91... mostly quite simple for
Òthe todays  taste, bringing no  revolutionary  effects, just a bunch of very old
Òschoolish things. Therefore  some screens  giving a sneak  look at the skills of
Òsome of their  members, as the pixels by Jovis are already  very nice as well as
Òsome of the musix by Mephistow have a very special and own touch.
ÒBut back in 1991 this  demo surely would have been one of hundreds nobody really
Òwould remember today.

Û_______________________________________________________________ÚmoondogÛ_Úo3/2k4Û___
