ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       "COMPILE MJJ A 10 ANS + 1" by MJJ PROD
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system .. ST, STe, STEEM, RGB

credits . code - Zorro2, Bigfoot, Squale, Fenris, San-A, Godfather, Tooseb
          gfx  - F.F., Wilfried
          msx  - NoMore of Animal Mine, Mad Max, Big Alec, Count Zero

size .... one disk

release . 12/o3

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is no big demo but a  bunch of screens and  intros done by several MJJ PROD
members  that were, as  the title says, done  within the  last 11  years and not
released because of different reasons so far.

After a  bootloader with rasters  and the homepage adress, we get the main menu,
presenting 1o different screens that can be selected by pressing a number on the
keypad. The menu looks  ok, very oldschoolish with  a big but  unspectacular MJJ
logo, jumping rasterbars in the  background and a little scrolly, mainly written
in... french :)

So not much words to lose, lets check the single  screens. After pressing one of
the numbers, you get a little  information screen  with a zooming chessboard and
some infos to the single screens, unfortunately  again mainly in french. I think
I have to mention that the main menu is memory resident  and you come back after
each single screen without problems... Well done...

ò-1- "Cursor" by Bigfoot

This screen brings us an  oldschool but always  nice looking  effect, a rastered
disting  vertical  scrolling background  in all colours of  the rainbow together
with  some  textdisplayer  with a  mad cursor and  a chiptune. That's it... Nice
screen that can't hide his oldschool origin.

{*i MJJCOMP1.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

ò-2- "Demo" by Squale

Arf! What an oldschoolish thing that reminds  me in its outfit  hard to some old
Germs DCK screens, sorry to say that. It brings us a  disting MJJ logo, a scroll
on rasters, two jumping  MJJ logos, sound analyzers and  something like vertical
rasters  in  the background  as well as a  damn old chiptune... Not a  screen to
watch twice and longer than a minute...

ò-3- "Fullfish" by Bigfoot

This one is a fullscreen  with a jumping  scroller and a mad disting MJJ logo in
front of a little picture. Not that bad but looks quite outdated anyway. Nice to
hear an old Mad Max digidrum tune.

ò-4- "MJJ 001" by Fenris & San-A

This oldie  brings us  some title picture, then  another one with  a disting MJJ
logo a jumping scroller and a tracker tune with damn  low replay frequency. This
screen was  thought to be released  in the Transbeauce demo  and so it is even a
lot older than "just" 11 years... and this old  style you see at any bit... Have
I mentioned that it wasn't taken for the demo?

ò-5- "Piche" by Bigfoot

Erm.. This  screen is just  a pixeled picture of a guy with a bicycle crash that
has lost  his head  and glues on  a wall, together with  a scroller. Little joke
a side, he  still wips  with his  feet to the  music... But afterall, again some
screen you wouldn't watch twice.

ò-6- "Raster" by Bigfoot

He brings us now some vertical rasterstuff that can be modified in its waveforms
by  pressing  several keys. It  comes along  with an  old Count Zero  tune and a
scrolly. Nothing spectacular, a  state of the  art screen  in the early nineties
but some kind of boring today.

ò-7- "ScrollPT" by Bigfoot

This is a  quite interesting screen, bringing us the  tortured head of a guy and
a dotsscroller that comes  along as circlescroll and in other ways later on. You
can select different musix while pressing the function keys and you can make his
eye move around as well. Still an oldschoolish screen but some kind of funny and
for me the best screen in this compile so far.

ò-8- "Modplayer" by Godfather

This is a simple STE module player, showing a picture, sound analyzers, a scroll
and a swinging  MJJ logo. It is a bit ugly to use, you have  to type in the name
of the module that is in the same directory of the screen to run the screen...
What to say... watched once and surely never again.

ò-9- "Demons" by Tooseb

This screen was coded by Tooseb under his old nick Pulsar (of NeXT).
This screen stays  black at first, then  we get a picture  already used in a TLB
demo, it was "Oooh Crickey..." if I remember right. It comes along with a scroll
and 3 animated skull sprites, and the title music from the game No Second Price.
Hmmm... what to say... oooould stuff.

{*i MJJCOMP2.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

ò-0- "Exotica" by Tooseb

This brings a fullscreen with a rasterscroller using ripped grafix from the game
Outrun and from other  sources. Best thing is the older sid tune by Tao... Not a
burner screen at all.

At last, on  the disk  you will  find another  screen, "Sangoku" by Tooseb, also
coded under his  old nick Pulsar, and  this brings a  french favour, Dragon Ball
stuff, a  picture, sprites, sound analyzers, jumping logo and a  swinging Dragon
Ball  logo as well as a scroller. Not that bad even though I don't like all that
Manga and Anime stuff at all.

Furthermore you can find the bootloader on the disk as well as some README's.

That's it...

ñFinal words... Somehow  the whole  thing leaves me  the impression of a harddisk
ñ               cleaning, digging  out  old stuff  that was never  thought  to be
ñ               released, in parts surely with a good reason. Such a wave of  old
ñ               styled stuff is hard digestible today, esp. since the most of the
ñ               screens  wheren't even  state of the  art in the  times they were
ñ               once done. On the other hand  I have to admit  that this is a way
ñ               to save some old  stuff from being wasted  completely. I had done
ñ               quite common things 8  years back  with some leftovers from never
ñ               released .tnb. things... but after all a collection  of old stuff
ñ               can never  weight up the  release of a  new and fresh little demo
ñ               at all...

ó_ò.tSCc.ó__________________________________________________________òmoondogó_òo1/2k4ó_
