Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            "Out" by LineOut
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system ... Falcon, 4 MB RAM, RGB/VGA

credits .. code - earx
           gfx  - c-rem, evl, havoc
           msx  - dforce

size ..... 53o KB without sources

release .. o1/2oo4

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

One year after the first release of LineOut we now get their second demo.

I doubt that  I have to loose that much words about LineOut now as it is the new
team of the active former FUN members, as they needed to team up this way to get
rid off from  their many inactive  crew members. In fact LineOut is nothing else
since the former active FUN team, so no new mates, just old quality.

Ok, "Delta" their previous  demo showed that Earx developped a lot of his coding
skills and so it is interesting to see if he matched it to kick them further.

"Out" starts  with the  usual little  ASCII menu, where  you can chose a monitor
from 5o Hz RGB to 1oo Hz VGA. Furthermore  you can take the light or heavy mode,
means low or  high detail mode, even though Pieter told me that the high  detail
mode just changes one screen.

After I  took my  selection (I have tested all modes in the end) a LineOut  logo
appears, drawn by hyperactive C-Rem in more than 16 colours :) Is no killer logo
but looks quite ok with all the used colours.

{*i OUT1.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

ÒC-REM is going hi-colour!

The demo starts  with a heavy  soundtrack with pumping beats and we start with a
fly through  a city built with many  shaded line vectors. It is someway timed to
the music and  moves very smooth to end up in a line vector logo. This screen is
well done even though it looks not that overwhelming.

At next we get the credits shown in with some kind of swinging roto zoom effect,
that looks already some way better, esp. as the zoom gets deeper then. The  demo
goes on building up a skyline of skyscrapers seen from the ground and we finally
get some quite big environment mapped object that starts to pulse to the beats.
That looks  even better now  and finally reaches (if not top) the quality of the
effects we know from "Delta", esp. when this effect goes on in kaleidoscopic way
and this looks very cool.

{*i OUT2.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

ÒPieter enters the DSP arena with some cool tridi stuff... yummy!

The next  effect  looks  not that  impressive  in  comparison, we get two  green
texturemapped  vector spirals  moving around on the screen, but the trist screen
is lightened  up with some bright  shining sprites that move along those spirals
later on, this screen reminds even more to the previous demo in its style.

This one is followed by a radial motion blur effect, a thing we haven't seen for
long times  now, but I still  like this one. And  we go further with environment
mapping again, this time we have some big vector stars that moving around on the
screen, joining and leaving each other. Very nice screen again.

Unfortunately we now are close to the end, we get another rotozoomer screen that
is followed  by a small screen  with an bright  shining Atari Scene Channel logo
flickering on the screen.

And that's it already. Nice but quite short show :(

As special feature Pieter has put the whole demo sources on the disk again.

Ò...Final words...

ÒEarx did  it again, unfortunately  he has  set quite  high standards for himself
Òwith  the previous  demo, "Delta", where he  presented us  a big  wave  of  nice
Òeffects and  ideas, together with a quite dark design and very cool soundtrack.
ÒNow "Out" isn't  that long, doesn't  brings so  many effects in different shapes
Òand isn't that cold styled anymore. The soundtrack is a nice one again, like it,
Òmatches quite good to the shown screens. The pixels aren't bad either as well as
Òthe effects, but  after all the whole  visuals aren't really able to top "Delta"
Òin the end, at least from  my viewpoint as  normal demo consumer. But in the end
Òevery  demo loving Falcon user should  grab it, as its still something very nice
Òto feed the Falcy with...

Û__________________________________________________________________ÚmoondogÛ_Úo1/o4Û_
