Here we have another collection of little demo releases...

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           "The Debut" by ASM Software
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system .. ST, STe, Falcon, TT, RGB, STeem

credits . code - Simon Sunnyboy
          gfx  - Simon Sunnyboy
          msx  - Jess of Overlanders

size .... 42 KB

release . o7/2oo3

url ..... Òhttp://www.asmsoftware.de

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Simon Sunnyboy is  crawling around on  the  Atari scene since  some time now. He
brought us some little games stuff  so far, most known  should be his SEUCK shot
em up we tested in a previous UCM.

I saw his  first demo activities  in the  beginning of this  year if  I remember
right. He tried to code some intro for the Construct Crew he had joined later on
but somehow we never saw something precious in the end. And he left the band...

Now I was a bit  surprised to see that  little intro. Ok, right here, it isn't a
smasher, is no record breaker  and no style kicker. It's  damn old schoolish and
surely a matter of taste. It brings some rasterstuff, a disting logo, some text-
displayer and sound analyzers, looks like it was made in the late eighties. Also
the intro sequence with the "In the beginning there was darkness..." sounds well
known to me ;)

If you have red  the whole stuff like why he did the intro and the greetings and
stuff, the screen changes to some picture and ends and you find yourself back on
the desktop.

As said, don't wait for revolutionary  effects. The grafix aren't asskicking too
and the music sounds some way strange even tough I like Jess' tunes but it seems
as some bits are missing, or am I wrong?

ÒWhat to say, nice  to see you  entering the demo  scene now, and  even those old
Òschoolish bits are showing that you  can do something more than  just displaying
Òpictures and write scrolltexts ;)

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         "Paracon 5 Invitro" by Paranoia
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system .. ST, STe, Falcon, 1 MB RAM, RGB, STeem

credits . code - Paranoid
          msx  - Luebke
          gfx  - Paranoid, TNT

size .... 35 KB

release . 11/2oo3

url ..... Úhttp://paracon.atari.org

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Unbelievable, the 5th issue  of the little  Party series, organized  by Paranoia
takes place in a few days... and  again, Paranoia announcing  their little event
with a small invitation intro, and again I will not be there :/

Somehow the little Paranoia  invitros are  some kind of  status bar, showing the
latest  skills of  Paranoid and  so it's always  interesting  to see how  he has
developped his coding style.

This time the demo starts with a shaking "paranoia" logo on black background and
a small chip music with a bit blippblopper  touch but somehow I know it already,
and you know why? It's a recycled one, already used in another Paracon invitro.

The intro itself features more or less just one effect in  several forms, so you
can see combinated ground/floor mappers in differend colours, sometimes swinging
or moving in different directions. In front of this some scroller tells us stuff
about the party itself, gives greetings and credits.

{*i PARACON.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

You can leave the intro while pressing the "Space" bar...

ÒSo what about the  final impression? A very small intro with a  nice main effect
Òand several  recycled parts (the scroller font and the music), so it lacks a bit
Òof  originality. No bad  intro at all, I like  the shaking  Paranoia logo in the
Òintro and the effect looks ok, but after all it's just a small intro and nothing
Òmore... interesting  for collectors  but no highlight  in the rows of the 2k3 ST
Òreleases...

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             "Website Intro" by Paradize
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system .. ST, STe, Falcon, TT, RGB, STeem

credits . code - Simon Sunnyboy
          gfx  - Simon Sunnyboy
          msx  - Veggy of Crusaders

size .... 43 KB

release . 12/o3

url ..... Úhttp://paradize.atari.org

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As "Raider" is called "Twix" now, The Coolest Paradise is known as Paradize from
now on. And Simon Sunnyboy is  on board and  we get something  different as just
another humble slideshow. How things change, no?

This small intro starts with something that sounds  like an sampled announcement
or do I have  something with my ears? We then see  a Paradize logo  that proudly
presents us some... textdisplayer and scrolltext.

The style of those things has  a bit changed  since the  last Sunnyboy intro and
looks a bit more homogenous  now, the grafix aren't bad and the chip sound seems
to be a damn old  one and I have  to admit I  haven't  heard it  so  far and the
composer is unknown to me, so it seems to come from another system then?! Anyway
it's old but not bad at all.

If  all things  were displayed, just  like why  they changed  the name, credits,
greetings, memberstate, smalltalk and stuff the intro ends automatically and you
find yourself back on the desktop again.

ÒOk, what to  say, technically no real improvements, but the style was a bit more
Òdevelopped but without breaking any limits or something. The intro just does its
Òjob and is some little  alternation  to the  former output by  Paradize. Fans of
Òcool record breakers and  style orgies should  make a bow  around it, all others
Òcan take it for a try.

ÒWe wait for the first real demo then...

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            "3D Fullscreen" by Oxygene
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system .. STe, 1 MB RAM, RGB, STeem

credits . code - Leonard
          msx  - Big Alec of Delta Force

size .... 11 KB

release . 12/2oo3

url ..... Úhttp://leonard.atari.org

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Leonard did it again, you  could say... did what? Digging  out some old stuff to
feed the hype. This  screen shows  his first STE coding bits, at least he claims
that. But... how old is it then? As we  know even  the O-Demo  featured some STE
screens and that was released in 1992. In the end it does not play a role.

The screen  shows some blue vector object, flying around  on the screen ignoring
all known borders. Also the little informations are written over all borders and
so we look at a nice fullscreen. There isn't much more to say about, just as the
screen features a nice  chipmusic by Big Alec  and shows  the usual style of the
big era of ST demos... and goes clean back to desktop.

ÒSurely a nice screen, but no real "whoa" effect after all the late ST demo stuff
Òwe saw over the last years.

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       "Xmastro" by Yescrew & MJJ Prod
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system .. STfm, STe, STEEM, 512 KB RAM, RGB

credits . code - Swe
          gfx  - C-Rem
          msx  - Ajt, Ben Daglish, XiA

size .... 19 KB

release . 12/2oo3

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This little prod was disqualified for the DHS Xmas 15 KB Music competition as it
didn't fit into  the size rules. It  was released  anyway and  brings us another
small music demo, even  though it seems to  be ended up in a  slightly different
way as Swe didn't got musix and must use old tunes instead.

So what do we get, a simple snow world in a glass, you  know those little things
you have  to shake to  see snow or  stars tumbling  around? The snow is slightly
animated in here and a small horizonal scrolly is telling the usual stuff.
The used musix are in parts quite old, such as from AJT of Hemoroids or the tune
by Ben Daglish, but I like them anyway, esp. the funny one by Excellence In Art.

ÒWhat to say more, just a little xmas intro  and not to forget, the first YesCrew
Òscreen since long times again...

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As you  can see  on those  numerous releases, intros  and single screens seem to
stay in  the trend again, the  question  is why... to kick out some old sources?
Why  the power to release  a real dentro/demo  is vanished? Dunno... I just know
that demo packers would have dreamed of such releases to fill their disx...

Û_______________________________________________________________ÚmoondogÛ_Úo2/2k4Û___
