Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             "Warryorz" by YM ROCKERZ
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system ... STfm, STe, Falcon, STEEM, RGB, VGA, 512 KB RAM

credits .. code - Tao
           gfx  - Exocet, Timbral
           msx  - Tao, Lotek Style, Gwem, Timbral, DMA SC, Crazy Q, Damo, 5o5,
                  Stu, BodenstÑndig 2ooo

size ..... 13o KB

release .. 12/2oo3

url ...... http://ymrockerz.atari.org

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

At last, here we have the 4th release by  the Yamaha chip music warriors and for
the first time, second within one single year, that  shows how creative and over
all active  the todays  chip music posse is. Some years  back nobody  would have
thought that chip music would match it to come back in such glory way!

This little demo is made  in the way as its predecessors, intro picture and menu
screen with scroller and shows again, that the main topic is just the music even
if a new and polished demo  concept would be  fine somewhen. A little feature of
the menu screen is that you get for every composer a little  pixeled portrait on
the screen of the  little video game system  you can see there, trying  to catch
some special feature of the single guys.

This time  the team was  grown up again  and so we  get 1o tunes by 1o different
composers again, gosh! And I have to say that not all of the composers that were
involved last time  are in here again, but we  can listen to  tunes of other new
composers (if we can say so) as well as we  can see other  guys back again, such
as the guys of BodenstÑndig 2ooo.

The goal was to create a  complete soundtrack for an  imaginary video game, with
all the  essentials, in game musix, titel and  highscore musix, and so the tunes
are named a bit in this way and overall, could fullfill the several jobs mostly,
or let me say, they could do fine in a real game then.

Ok, let us check up the single tunes.

ÛTrack one . "Warryorz" by Tao

A very cool  Tao typical noisy  chiptune that is also  very  melodical, I always
liked his unique way in doing musix and still like his tunes... yummy!

ÛTrack two . "Rise of the R.I machines" by Lotekstyle

Quite strange sound that reminds in parts and the used effects to some oldschool
game soundtracks. Nice one too.

ÛTrack three . "R.I rebellion" by Timbral

A nice but a bit unspectacular tune.

ÛTrack four . "YM racing" by DMA SC

A bit  mediocre  tune, reminding in  parts a  bit to  some of  the Crapman sound
tracks in melody and used sounds. Don't get me wrong, I like the Crapman tunes!

ÛTrack five . "Outlaw" by Crazy Q

Somehow I like that  tune more than the previous ones, it has some special touch
for my ears.

ÛTrack six . "Raid the tower" by Gwem

Quite outstanding tune with really strange noises and effects!

ÛTrack seven . "YM rocka" by Damo

A completely fucked up tune, dunno what to say, but somehow not boring therefore
but after all surely a question of taste.

ÛTrack eight . "Stage completed" by 5o5

What to say, somehow 5o5 tracks are light to aknowledge, they have a  touch that
doesn't hide the composer, even tough he did more impressive tunes before.

ÛTrack nine . "Dynamite" by Stu

Very heavy beats  meeting a  fast tune, this  track really  has drive, very cool
one! One of the best in that demo.

ÛTrack ten . "Hall of fame" by BodenstÑndig 2ooo

Huuu, flashback to the eighties! This tune sounds like some  very old game music
and, unfortunately comes along a bit to slow and boring...

{*i YMROCKS2.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

And so we played all levels and reached the topscore!

ÒFinal words. A very nice music  demo again  with a  nice concept, now  it is the
Ò             question if there will be one big game project on the ST that could
Ò             take profit out of such projects. The style of the musix is very
Ò             different and surely in parts a question  of taste but for everyone
Ò             should be something diggestible on board.
Ò             The only little drawback is the always used shell, that surely does
Ò             a fine job, but the frequently use don't makes me say "wow" anymore
Ò             and I hope to see some polished thing that offers a bit more for my
Ò             eyes too. The used  grafix are nice as always and the loader pic is
Ò             quite stunning too.

Û_________________________________________________________________ÚmoondogÛ_Úo1/2k4Û_
