Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        DHS XMAS 15 KB MUSICDEMO COMPO RESULTS
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Wow, what a topic! But who cares? In fact the latest DHS online compo brought us
some sweet stuff  for our Atari machines  again and that  is the only thing that
counts  in the end, esp. since  some long lost  people came up from their caves,
such as TORMENT and a little late even IDEMLINE, to take part in it.

The rules  were quite  strange this  time, to create  a music demo  in 15 KB, no
question, as a music demo features always more than just  one music, could  be a
bit  difficult but  in the end we got  6 little demos that matched it to stay in
the competition and so here we go to check them out...

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  1st place - "Xmiss" by CHECKPOINT & MJJ PROD
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

credits . code - Defjam (who else?)
          gfx  - C-Rem (ehem... who else?)
          msx  - 5o5 (....naaa...)

size .... 15356 bytes

This screen  has won the  competition and I have to  say, with right, as  Defjam
matched it again  to create  some cool looking one and, overall 5o5's musics are
kicking it to  the  olymp. The  screen shows  a cool oldschoolish  disting  sine
scroller, a  nice  picture of a naked  xmas  girl, drawn  by C-Rem on  dark blue
background. Furthermore a little  vector star  is circling  on  the place  where
the xmas girls titti nipples are located, I hate censoring!

{*i XMISS.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

At last the musix, the  first is a  conversion of "Oh Tannenbaum" (I don't  know
the english title... if there  is one...), that  sounds very  strange, the other
two ones are quite cool  tunes with  some drive and I  always wonder how Nils is
matching it to make his tunes sounding that unique...

ÒSo what? This  screen  surely beats  out the other  contributions, it  is  quite
Òstylish, offers not just  a usual horizontal  scroller, nice  pixels and overall
Òquite outstanding musix. Also in  my eyes  it deserves  the 1st place  without a
Òquestion, well done mates.

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       2nd place - "Xmas 2oo3" by TORMENT
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

credits . code - GND
          gfx  - Spiny
          msx  - Rhino

size .... 14128 bytes

And here we  have a band that  was away  over some years  again, after  they had
joined the big ST demo revival in 1999, TORMENT, who have their roots in the old
demo scene. They bring us a quite strange screen, a horizontal scroller together
with a  line vector on  white background. The  screen gets  an Atari and Torment
logo and is overlayed later  with a nice dither effect by another picture with a
guy who has a bloody eye. The strange chosen colors holding back the screen much
more in  memory as  some previous  ones even  though the used  colors are a pure
question of taste.

{*i TORMENT.PI1 m 0 20 0 200}

The included musix  are quite nice and I like the first tune very much, nice old
schoolish demo music, the  other tunes aren't bad but don't teasing my ears that
much.

ÒSo what? A nice  little screen, that colours up the  active UK scene  a lot as a
Òteam bounced back that was quite silent for years. Nice to see you back, guys.

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                3rd place - "Quadchip" by DHS, EPHIDRENA & MJJ PROD
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

credits . code - Evl
          gfx  - C-Rem (again...)
          msx  - Timbral, Nemo & Frequent

size .... 1446o bytes

This contribution  features again the  works of several groups  and we find some
wellknown name in the credits  again. But from the  outfit it falls obvious back
behind the winning demo. The pixelscore  is, let me say a bit too "minimalistic"
and offers not the known C-Rem quality, showing Santa Claus. As effects  we have
a simple horizontal one plane scroller and some snow falling down.
Therefore here  we get 4 musix by  3 different  composers, but I have to say the
most of them are the  usual, but good, sid/chip tunes and  only the  last one is
a conversion of a known  xmas tune. Anyway, my absolut favourite tune is the 3rd
one, called "Deepblue", I don't know why, but this silent tune is so relaxing...
Nice...

ÒOverall, not a bad demo, the  musix aren't  bad but, except  track 3, they  miss
Òsome special feeling that make them more remarkable. The rest of the demo, pixel
Òand styling are no hammers but doing their job in 15 KB...

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     4th place - "2 days of love and Happiness" by KöA, EVOLUTION & MJJ PROD
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

credits . code - GGN
          gfx  - ... what do you think? C-Rem
          msx  - Baggio

size .... 1536o bytes

This little demo  impresses with a nice  loading sequence  removing the  desk to
start the demo, but this one looks again a bit trist, the grafix and whole style
doesn't kick ass really, all we see moving is a small horizontal scroller.
The musix are nice, featuring again a  xmas track  that is  offering a medley of
several traditional xmas tunes and is interestingly named "i hate xmas", hu?
Anyway, I prefer the first 2 tunes, Baggio did a nice job, even though the first
seems to be damn short.

ÒSo what? Overall not a bad demo, but it stays  on the right  place as again, the
Òoutfit doesn't kick the  thing a bit  forwards. The musix  are nice and I prefer
Òtrack 2, nice sid stuff.

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        5th place - "Democompo" by MJJ PROD
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

credits . code - MrNours
          gfx  - C-Rem
          msx  - Floopy, Tooseb

size .... 15264 bytes

And now we have  the MJJ only (...) entry for the competition. This little  demo
offers again 3 chiptunes, two  of them were composed by  Floopy, a former member
of DUNE (or was the DUNE boy called Floppy? I don't  remember  right...) and one
was composed by Tooseb (the second one).
The demo is the first coding appearance of the  new MJJ PROD member  MrNours and
just offers a screen with a little pixeled tormented looking  head wearing Santa
Claus' hat and a one plane vertical scroller on the right screen side.
The tunes are ok, blip blopping stuff this time, one  Xmas conversion again, but
overall no killersongs.

ÒOverall? Hmm, no killerscreen, not  much to see, not  much to read, quite  short
Òmusix, one of the more mediocre screens of the compo.

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    6th place - "The Chimney" by THOTHY
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

credits . code - Thothy
          gfx  - Thothy
          msx  - Thothy?

size .... 14878 bytes

Thothy? Thothy, a lonely coder  from  Germany and  once the head  behind the old
STUNE game project, did it again, what? To take part in a competition as this is
his second, let us call it demo release, so far. Maybe you remember the 128 byte
Falcon intro he did over 3 years ago?
Unfortunately he  didn't put that  much stuff  into his  little intro, showing a
chimney in quite outdated pixel style and a scroller, telling the story of Santa
Claus who  got stuck in the  chimney and presents no demo effects but xmas tunes
instead. Those tunes are  sounding very  outdated as well and remind me a bit to
some old PD game musix, really no ear teasers.

ÒAnd that's it, 3 musix, a picture and  a scroller... and  not to forget a little
Òjoke for the ones who  try to start it on emulation :) Just for this one I would
Ògive him a few points, the rest didn't impress me that much.

Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Yeps, that's it, at  least for the  competition stuff, the  other stuff that was
released can be found  in other articles  then, as in the  various releases, the
MJJ releases, as stand alone (Troll & Co and Idemline).

As a demo party is set for Easter I doubt to see a new DHS online compo for demo
screens  that fast, but I hope to see another  one soon  as those  compos always
match it to brighten up  the sparse release  scenery of the  scene and show that
some people can be teased to  leave their caves even  if there is nothing to win
than the respect of the others.

Û_________________________________________________________________moondog_o1/2k4_
