
{*f1 JAPEMO PREVIEW{*f0

ñ-----------------------------ð committed by óHYLSTðñ ------------------------------

    There are some days, quite a lot these  days, when I òREALLYð hate this job of 
main editor... You cannot imagine you iddle readers  how long it takes to load a 
demo, watch it, try to note down  every detail and then type that crap. At least  
it can prove enjoyable  when it deals with  a cool demo but this is óNOTð going to  
be this way :(((

     About three years ago I met HYLST... I remember the way he talked about his 
four disk demo and I was quite impressed by his ambition to  do it all alone but 
as time has passed I have come to understand that his project would surely never 
see the light of day...

      Finally he released a preview (to my very surprise!) at the RTS party this 
year. Maybe he should have forgotten everything about it...

      First of all the  archive is very  ñmessyð and presents  several programs to 
chose from... that was until I realized there  was a launching  program, yep the 
one called "exec2.prg", still  wonder why I didn't  understand that was the main 
prg...

      I just don't feel brave or  stupid enough to  detail this horror. Just let 
me tell you this is a gfa  demo but unlike -Back In France- (our LOud! gfa demo) 
this thing is *NOT* optimized so  that ALL fx  are slow oh sooooooooo ñslowð !!! A 
scroller looks like a slide show of ugly letters ! The dot object are moving yes 
but it's hard to see :( No really I don't like this demo AT ALL. OK Hylst is not 
a gfxman but hell he could have  found one, his gfx  are not  brightening up the 
preview either, even the  music sucks... Sometimes there  are some bugs or maybe 
there are fx, I don't know and I don't care. Sorry but this is crap.

      Perhaps I  forgot to mention the  lameness of the  colors used, maybe this 
guy has a special talent for creating shit, dunno and don't want to...

     
      ñBottom Line :ð crap crap crap... nothing to save... delete it !!
ò      :
ò......: 
ò:......................................ð The Truth Hurtsò.......ð[STS]ò............

    
