JOUST FOR THE LYNX
~ATARI.FIL~
========================
JOUST FOR THE ATARI LYNX
========================

Helolo! Thiz iz another Lynx review by: Crap DC, from 
The Atari Boys.

This time it's,
By Shadowsoft / Williams.

Almost everybody knows the the game from the middle ages, 
two knights riding their horses carrying a lance and trying 
to push each other of their horse.

Joust is the same idea but the difference is that the 
knights are flying with birdies and you've got to fight on 
your own against 3 or more enemies. (unless you link the 
game with a friend.(two games and Lynxes needed)) 
         


The Game.

After turning my Lynx on, the title screen appears, a big 
JOUST logo, the licences and in the borders some color 
cycling stripes. In the title screen you can change the 
skill of the levels by pressing option 1. (0 is easy and 9 
is hard) The Gladiator Mode can also be activated in the 
title screen. The Gladiator Mode is a two player head to 
head contest without the enemy birds, the last player left 
is the winner.

The screen changes and there are the highscores. After that 
the game shows the instructions and introduces you to the 
enemies, then the credits follow.

I want to play the game so I press "A" or "B" to start. 
Pressing the "B" button when starting the will select the 
Ostrich as the bird you'll control and the "A" button 
selects the Stork. I don't know the differences between the 
two birds and the game manual doesn't say anything about 
that either, the only difference is that the colors are 
different.

The controls are simple, "A" or "B" to flap your wings and 
left, right to go left or right.

The playfield consists of 5 platforms and the bottom floor. 
In the bottom floor consists of one massive part and 2 
parts that burn up in one of the later levels. The massive 
part shows you your lives and your points.

Okay, you're in the playing area and the enemy birdy's are 
plopping out of the ground, what should you do? Right! Beat 
em up! Flap your wings and fly into an enemy and BANG! your 
dead. Well, if you do it right the enemy dies and drops an 
egg. Get the egg coz you get points for it, or otherwise 
it'll crack, and there's another enemy born.

When you've completed a wave, you go to the next wave. The 
next wave has more enemies and they are more difficult to 
beat.

The enemies:

Bounder: A vulture with a red rider. These are generally 
the least intelligent of the enemy birdies.

Hunter: A vulture with a grey rider. These are more 
intelligent than the Bounders.

Shadowlord: A vulture with a blue rider. These are the most
intelligent enemy birdies. They'll fly very quickly when 
they are close to you and will drop from above you if they 
get the chance.

Pterodactyl: Pterodactyls move very quickly and erratically 
making them very difficult to kill.

Lava Troll: The Lava Troll will reach out of the lava and 
grab any bird within its reach. (Also the enemy birds)


It may take a while before you get handy at the game 
because it's quite difficult to play. (Flap your wings and 
go left or right at the same time, that's hard for me) 
                               

The Ratings

THE GOODS:
The sound and gameplay are good, although there's no title 
music. You can LINK the game up to 2 players, that's a good 
point.

THE BADS:
The graphics are not that good becoz' it's a conversion of 
the arcade game.(They've tried to keep the graphx the same)


Coding-----7                      
Graphics---7
Sound------8
Gameplay---8

Total------7

************************************************************

I like to thank my brother for buying the game.

                       Crap DC of The Atari Boys.
~PURPER.PAL~
                                          
