REALTIME ARTICLE
~TEGEL.FIL~
This text was written in realtime during the extra super mini 
small copy-coding-party... Held by only 5(!) people... One is 
asleep (Clawz)... At the party were the following people:

-XOR     (Swapper of ZEAL)
-EMPA    (Coder Graphix man of ZEAL)
-PQ Lear (Coder of ZEAL)
-OB      (Coder designer active and everything of ANATOMICA)


02:40     This is Empa (of Zeal) writing... We are just spreading
our new multipart 'ALIVE - life is just a gift'... We are quite
tired and I wonna sleep right now!!! Xor is chating with Marcer
(of TLN)... Try to chat the shit out of him!!! OB (of ANA) and 
PQ (of Zeal) fixes some bugs in our other multipart 'Lethal Trash'
 The guitar is waiting for me...

02:45     This is Xor (of Zeal of'coz) Now i'm done chating with
Marcer... (Empa is singing House of rising sun (ZZZZAAAAHHH!!!)) 
... Well.. Marcer is curently coding on he's megademo... 3 Disx!! 
Wow... Hmm. In GFA!!! Hmm... :-) (Is it normal for a coder to be 
coding at 02:30.. ON A SUNDAY!! Hehe.. Well... I'm out of here!!! 

02:55     Empa again... PQ is just talking about his father who 
probably will be angry (and tired) tomorrow (HE HE)... Well, OB 
is looking at PIIIIP pictures (WOW, nice tits!!!)... PQ is 
probably ready with 'LETHAL SHIT HOUSE' now... 
XOR: -It's a PENIS!!!

03:00     PQ Lear here... This text could be a little confusing, 
since I have to check my demo... Duh, forgot to assemble that 
part, shucks... Yeah, the endpart is coming up... Just a second 
now... Soon... It's taking a hell of a lot of time.. Now! Yeah 
right, forgot that too... Empa presses space. I can't believe it! 
I was going to change three small bugs, and I seem to have 
forgotten all of them. Better leave this keyboard...

03:05     Empa again... HO HO... PQ fails as usual!!! OB needs a 
drool protection on the keyboard... PQ sings (he's happy after 
all)... He can't remeber how to make a RESET!!! (LAMER SLAMER 
GLAMER!!!!)... 

03:12     OB's on the keyboard for the first time. I've just been 
watching some great (he,he,he) GIF-pictures on XOR's 2 meg STE. 
Empa and PQ is making pushups on one arm now, strange guys !!!
Ohh noo !!! I have no Marabou schweizer not chocolate left !!!!
My bus leaves the station for Uppsala at 9.45 tomorow (today 
???), I don't want to go !!!!

03:20   Xor on da attack!! Now my HD is becoming shit... Empa has
fooled around with it!! Fuck! :) Shit! need more techno 
modulez!!! If anybody got some rad techno out there.. write to 
me!!! Love techno!! dansband kan g† hem och d” i ett h”rn!!! 
YEAH! Hoho.. PQ has not remember who to reset the computer yet...
Boy.. does he suck!!

03:25      Empa here... PQ says: -I think it was your prick!!! (?)
Everybody laughs at my... They are making a fool of me as 
usual... time for revange (stop singing OB!!!)... PQ-Lamer re-paints 
a font (basicly by me)... Clawz grafix sucks (myntat av PQ)... 
Gotta go and help him...  XOR!! DONT BEAT ME!!!

03:25     Xor here.. Why not? You deserve it!! OB is still watchin 
gif's and singing!! .. SHIT now they acting like Bruce Lee and 
kickin down balls (Empas balls)and other stuff! 
Zee yaa!

03:45     Empa again... Just been watching Agressions Invitation 
demo (a little late tought, but whata hell!!!)... The intro was 
poor (but nice gfx)...  XOR: FIIIIIIIZZ (smells like shit or 
something)   Xor is calling wet-dreams... and got conection with 
2400 baud... But he hang off (WHY?)  (XOR says: Because i didn't 
get conection in sixty seconds and anybody with comonsense would 
stop trying then...)
Lets go and kill PQ with a ping-pong racket!!!

03:52     OB here again.... PQ is coding on their Lethal Trash 
demo which probably will be released today (well, that's always 
what they say, don't they ??) Empa has nothing to do so he's 
disturbing everyone now, thats a fact !! Xor is answearing some 
letters on his computer now. Empa is now trying to understand the 
book 'Atari ST/STE hardvarufakta' but I hardly believe he does 
(he,he), now he's playing at PQ guitar, but I can tell you, he is 
a much better coder than he's a guitar player. Nop, I have to do 
something else now !

04:00     Empa here... I've got nothing to do!!! OB plays bandy, 
that maniac!!! PQ: Go and piss up a flag pole XOR: I'm sorry?  PQ: 
You should be.
 I'm still waiting for XOR calling to Marcer (I like to hear his 
opinion about ALIVE)... PQ to OB: STOP PLEASE... What can they 
possible do?? (Gays?? ;-)

04:05     PQ on the board for all of you devoted fans out there! 
OB clims he is a pinhead, if I understood it correctly... I guess 
I didn't, though. OB is jumping around with a bandy stick and 
trying to wake my poor father, who is trying to get at least half 
a piece of sleep upstairs. Oops, all of a sudden the conversation 
slipped onto the subject of lollipops. Somebody claimed OB is 
waving his lollipop round and round in the air. Empa also claims 
he likes non-spicey potato lollipops. Gotta quit, Empa is 
threatening me he is taking over my keyboard...

04:10     I don't like to have THIS keyboard, I wonna code!!! 
Let's go and beat the PQ-lame  :-)

04:11     XOR just shoot a piece of rubber right into my eye!!! 
(Please don't missunderstand this!!!)

04:15     Xor's back... Shit... Marcer haven't open hes baze... 
Call Wet Dreams some time... the number u ask? I dunno! ;-) 
+46 8 something... Well... everybode is geting tierd... And 
everybody is just beeing lame... (As usual then ;-)) Empa is 
trying to play the guitar.. NOT very succesful!!! Well.. let's 
try to make connection with the baze without a number again!!

4:25      Bless you OB... OB almost fell apart when sneezed!!!
PQ:  Stop making noices, suckers, my FATHER is sleeping!!!
XOR: I know, why don't wake him up??
 CENCUR

04:30     EMPA here... XOR how about calling to MARCER... 

04:31     Xor here... Right On!

04:32     ...rerh APME  Go just right on!! OB and XOR are 
practising violence to a poor little disk...

04:40     ROX ereh.. Argh! Can somebody move OB!!! he's in 
the way!  He's copying disx on my computer! (Do i smell lamer 
copy party?!?!) I want to use the modem!!! well.. u can't blame 
me!! It's free!! (Hehe.. not to PQ's dad.. but who cares?! :-))

04:45     PQ entering the twilight zone... Still with us? I 
admire your persistance; this must be dead boring for ANYONE to 
read... Not one person in this room seems to act quite normal 
right now. But then, they never do. XOR and Empa are currently 
chatting on-line with Marcer of the Legion. He is quite upset 
about not being greeted in our recently released multipart 
"Alive". Har har, funny indeed... :-)

04:55     Empa here... Just been chatting with Marcer... His 
opinion:
-Njaaa... hehe... skip the credits, that you can see all over the 
demo!!!

Go home...    (sob sob)


05:05     OB here.. What has the lamers been writing since I sat 
here the last time... Lets have a look.... Well, just a I 
thought, nothing of interest !!! PQ is just complaining about 
beeing a slave, but he should not be complaining, he's got a 2 
meg STE to code on for half an hour now !!! Now PQ is realy 
tired, he just thougt the diskbox was moving by it self, soon we 
probably have to call for the men in white suits to get him to 
the hospital..... got to stop now !!!

05:15     EMPA HERE!!! I have got my cup of coffee... 
Wunderfulllll... Don't you think so too PQ (he gets red spots on 
his arms and legs when he drinks coffee  :-)))))

05:20     EpMa RehE.. Now is PQ complaining about the coffee - 
ITS TO STRONG!!! IT TASTE ROTTEN!!! (how can coffee taste 
rotten?)   XOR dances the magic dance... (how sexy,HUU!?)
PQ throws a 'karate star' (the middle of a disk) at XOR who
throws himself at the bed screaming like TWO pigs making bacon!!!
OB: We are losing it guys!!!

05:27     PQ: Back again! XOR says he desperately wants a pizza. I say I 
want to see him trying to get a pizza at 5:30 on a Monday morning 
in ostervala. Empa grabs a bag of buns (the kind of buns with 
sugar on them (nah, that wasn't a very good description... 
duh...)) and says he is going to shovel buns until his nose 
starts to bleed. XOR is creatively copying large files from his 
hard drive onto my disk. Uh-oh, my coffee has passed through my 
system and wants to get out of me. Hey, anybody wanna write 
anything?

05:50     OB's here, long time since someone wrote on this 
article i see, over 20 minutes, but Empa and I has been looking 
at demos and PQ and Xor has been packing Lethal Trash........  
Why are you still reading this, it must be the most booooring 
text in the world, well, well, it's your problem, not mine..... 
We'll soon call Marcher of the Legion again to download a file 
from his BBS, I'm waiting........

06:00     EMPA is back again... We've been trying to call Marcer 
again but his GFA (!) demo wasn't ready yet so the board wasn't 
open!!! We've also tried some STROBE effects with 3D-glasses, it
really looked cooool...  Now OB is running around predending to 
be a alien with his RED-GREEN 3D-glasses  EMPA:You are so fucking
cool OB   OB:I'm waiting for a great effect...     It's really 
great!!!

06:10     PQ... Sorry if this mass of text is quite unreadable. 
Apart from the fact that we aren't masters of the English 
language, my mates don't seem to bother about even TRYING to 
spell things right. And I wasn't allowed to correct the errors! 
BUUUAAAAHHH!!! But, I guess I wouldn't want to do that anyway, 
the frequency of the errors combined with the mass of text makes 
it almost impossible. <SIGH>
Our first multipart, which is really our second released but our 
first made, Lethal Trash, is finished! Clever me, though, forgot 
to change the "Extended debug info", so I suppose we'll have to 
assemble the whole crap again. Well, that's life, and it mostly 
sux. The tension is getting quite low, the caffeine is drawing 
the heat away from my feet and my pals are doing their best to 
increase our phone bill. Right now they're checking some stupid 
file list and discussing what the files are really about: "Eh, 
isn't that.. Duh.. No, but that one, yeah, just shit, 93, look!, 
that was the one we downloaded" etc. etc. I guess I'm going to 
freak soon and pull the plug... Wow, progress, now they've 
discovered "A strange program by Jeff Minter". XOR squeezes a 
fart out of his butt and as usual, he has to give a sigh just to 
express his positive schadenfreude feelings about us having to 
draw the stuff down our throats.

06:30     OB again.... I've just been looking what new demos 
there are in the BBSes. Nothing realy new really. Empa is doing 
an interveiw with the interview program on the DBA 6 disk, he 
seemes to like to be interviewed in that way....

06:40     Thaaa!... Xor is back!!! And this time hes tired!! Ohno! 
Not Fastcopy again!! OB!!! Get a grip!! Well... nu javlar blir 
det svenska igen... Loonie! Hur gar det med din monitor.. :-) 
Heheh.. okda.... English mode on... Shit... now blir det the bed 
for min del i think!!  Strax.. men inte now p† en time... ohhh... 
I can't separate this two stupid language!!! 



Well, I (OB) think we should stop here, everbody is getting tired 
and I'm going home in two hours and I hope you have been enjoying 
this article (how could you !!!!)

signed: Empa/Xor/PQ Lear of Zeal and OB of Anatomica

