DEF II:CYBERZONE                  



     CCCCCC Y    Y  BBBBBB  EEEEEE  RRRRR  ZZZZZZ  OOOOOO  N   N  EEEEEE
    C       Y   Y  B    B  E       R    R     Z   O    O  NN  N  E
   C         YYY  BBBBBB  EEEEEE  RRRRRR   Z     O    O  N N N  EEEEEE 
  C          Y   B    B  E       R   R   Z      O    O  N  NN  E
 CCCCCC     Y   BBBBBB  EEEEEE  R    R ZZZZZZ  OOOOOO  N   N  EEEEEE

-------------------------> THE GAME ZONE <--------------------------

BUT HAVE YOU EVER SEEN IT ???...

Probably not, but don't care I will tell you about it.
Cyberzone is a very nice computergame show broadcasted bij the BBC on monday's 
on channel 2. I know that you can't seen BBC in every country but here in 
Holland we have a lot of channels to choose from. But okay, I will continue.

Cyberzone is a gameshow presented by your gamehost, Graig Charles, for most 
people also known as Lister in that marvelous S.F. serie Red Dwarf. There are 
two groups of each two persons competing against each other. One group are 
"common" people, normal humans with a normal job, the other team consists of 
two more or less famous sport men/woman. They will compete in a computer 
generated play area fully in 3D. It's called Superscape Virtual Reality, and 
it looks really good. I don't know what kind of computer is working behind all 
this but it is a rather fast one. Maybe a mix of Dungeon Masters and a game 
like Corperation is an good example of what you should expect of this gameshow 
if you can't make up your mind...

--------*>  The teams...  <*---------  ~BOX.BL2~

There are two teams, the yellow team (normal people) and the green team (the 
sports men). One team will be solving puzzles while the other team will try to 
avoid this from happening. One team will walk/run through the landscape trying 
to solve puzzle's while the other team will fly/drive/sail through it blokking 
up exits. This way they can prefend you from going from one place to another. 
If the running team is locked up they can't solve puzzles and then thats it.

But why has every team two players ? Well simple, one player is the "Guide" 
the other player is the "Runner". The Guide leads the runner throught the 
different cambers/houses/buildings and helps him solve the puzzle's. The 
runner operates the 3D animated humanoid on the screen by turning a kind of 
steering wheel and run on a kind of paths the build op speed. He can also shot 
at things on screen. In the car/heli/boat of the second team things are much 
the same.

---------*>  The Game...  <*---------- ~BOX.BL2~

Each time there is a other landscape (board) for the teams to travel through, 
which is presented to you by "Thesp" played by James Grout. He tells a little 
story about the "Board". Every board has his own name like Technotraz, 
Cyberwindon or Hydropolis. In each board the are a number of puzzle's to be 
found and to be solved. For each puzzle the can be solved the running team 
earns 1 point but you can score 3 point by finding Thesp's Data Core, cause he 
is hidding somewhere in the landscape. So you see it is all quite easy.

---------*>  The Puzzles  <*---------- ~BOX.BL2~

Puzzels, yeah but what kind of puzzles. Well they aren't exactly head breaks 
but they are sometimes a bit difficult. I shall tell you about some of them as 
there are:

Duck Pat            : Easy one, try to splat a duck with a 1 ton weight that 
                      hangs above him. You can direct the weight by shooting  
                      on the arrows that are shown on each side of the weight.

The shooting Gallery: Well i think this one will hold no questions, just a 
                      gallery where you have to shoot a few objects.
    
The Dogem Drive     : There is a small maze with a mouse alike figur in it 
                      that you will have to guide through this maze. You can 
                      steer it by shooting on the arrows that are displayed 
                      above the maze...

And then there are Turn The Card, Bounce Down, Butterfly Hunt, Test your 
Strenght, Head Maze, Jack in the Box, Floor Puzzle, Duck Drop, Stepping 
Stones, self Portrait and a lot more small puzzles. So you see it isn't that 
hard to get through.

--------*>  The Playing...  <*-------- ~BOX.BL2~

There are three rounds to play: Yellow team runs / Green team drives/flies
                                Green team runs  / Yellow team drives/flies
                                Yellow and Green team running against each 
                                 other in the same maze (Head to Head)

Before you can play there will be a "Borg" made in the middle of the screen. 
This Borg is the Runner and is either male or female. After (s)he ran of into 
the zone the game can be played. The winner is ofcourse the one that scores 
most of the points in all three rounds, it's simple.

--------*>  Conclusion...  <*--------- ~BOX.BL2~

So it is a very nice gameshow overall, especialy if you like computers and 
large 3D animations. Graig gives it all a bit of a laugh so it isn't to 
serious all of the time. So I can only say ,get to your TV set and turn it on 
on Mondays to watch this nice computer animated gameshow. I really hope you 
are able to get BBC on your television set and enjoy all this...

                                            Bonus Software...
~BOX.BL2~
  
   ~BOX.BL2~






