PROPAGANDA

      ____    ____   ______   ____        ____   ____________   ___________
     /   /   /   /  /      \  \   \      /   /  /           /  /          /
    /   /   /   /  /   __   \  \   \    /   /  /   ____    /  /   _______/
   /    ÿÿÿÿ   /  /   /  \   \  \   \  /   /  /   /   /   /  /   /
  /   ____    /  /    ÿÿÿÿ    \  \   ÿÿ   /  /   /   /   /  /   /
 /   /   /   /  /   ________   \  \      /  /    ÿÿÿÿ   /  /    ÿÿÿÿÿÿ/
/   /   /   /  /   /        \   \  \    /  /           /  /          /
ÿÿÿÿ    ÿÿÿÿ   ÿÿÿÿ          ÿÿÿÿ   ÿÿÿÿ   ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ   ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ


                       --- HAVOC of the GIANTS ---
                          --- Ravenstraat 4 ---
                        --- 6909 DV Babberich ---
                         --- The Netherlands ---


      SOME VERY IMPORTANT PROPAGANDA FOR YOU TO READ ABOUT THE GIANTS
       -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

                              BY HAVOC 1993
                               -=-=-=-=-=-

Lately, I've heard many rumors about our crew that are utter lies. Also I 
have heard some rumors which were half true, and therefore I think it's 
about time to clear things up.

1. We are not a new crew! The Giants were founded in late 1990. But, until 
half 1992 there were only 3 or 4 members. Then Fox and Goof joined, then I 
(Havoc) joined and in November 1992 eight other guys joined too. In total, 
we have 15 members at the moment. Maybe it will be some more soon, but more 
about that later...

2. We are not GfA-coders only! We only have 1 (and a half) GfA coder and we 
have 5 guys who code in assembly... Does that mean we are a GfA-crew? I 
don't think so!

3. We don't use a demomaker! In our last GfA megademo there were three 
screens by a guy we call 'EmHaa'. He has betrayed us and put three DCK 
screens in this demo. We hate this guy, and we're sorry we didn't find out 
before releasing the megademo.

4. We don't sell drugs! Some idiot said that I would sell XTC and/or 
cocaine to anyone interested. This is a total lie, I don't know who has 
said this and why he has said it. Why do people make up these kind of 
things? To be interesting? Come on, nobody will believe you anyway, except 
the bastard who was writing to me for XTC... Thanx anyway for the stamps, 
you won't get a reply...

5. We don't create viruses, we DO have them as members (hi Ivo!).

6. We don't rip code, graphics or musix! We only use other people's work if 
we can make clear it was their work and not ours. In other words, we always 
credit the right ones (if we know them...).



So, after these boring necessities, I will tell you something about our 
(not-so-secret-anymore) projects. The first is our GfA megademo called 
'Basic is in Heaven Now'. It's going to be a very good one, especially if 
you know it's 100% GfA. I won't tell you what exactly is finished/under 
development, but be sure it will be great...

The second is our assembly megademo, which is the biggest project we have 
ever worked on. In fact, I think it will be the biggest Dutch ST demo ever 
(wot about you, Synergy?). It's probably going to be multidisk, with new 
effects, some good games and original code / sound / gfx. There will also 
be some (cool) guestscreens, from different countries (e.g. Germany, 
France, Finland etc.).

So why do I tell ya about these demos? Very simple, dumbfuck! Coz we want 
you to make a nice guestscreen for us!!! If you wanna do this, you can send 
a nice (or not-so-nice) letter to the address above. See ya!

                       HAVOC 1993
