AIR SUPPORT

Air Support made by Psygnosis

Mankind is mean. No not just for the last few years, its been like 
that for over thousand years already. We also call it war. In the last 
two thousand years after Christ we spend twice as much time making war 
instead of the much more healthier peace. 

Psygnosis new game Air Support in one of those strategy/simulation 
games that think that we will continue doing so in the next years to 
come. We are now in the year 2065 playing a jung cadet who is studying 
at the famous "West Point" militair academy. Here you will be placed 
before the best computer war simulator better known as ASBS (Air 
Support Battle Simulator). 

The aim of this game is with the help from the ASBS to get to the 
examinations of the academy. You will have to go through 20 training 
missions, before you rearch the 40 (!) real simulation battles. You 
will be in control of a defence complex. It contains a headquarter, 4 
energy generators, fabriks, radar and automatic rocketlaunchers. And 
besides that you will have control over a large battleship. In the 
fabriks you can manifactur 4 different kinds of mobile weapon systems. 
Interceptors, tanks, rocketlaunchers and a special spy verhicle. 
                                               
Every machine has his own special weapons as there are remote control 
bombs or machine guns. Every time you will get a new missions that 
most of the time consists of infiltrating or exterminating the enemy.
Through a large map and some icons you can control your units. The 
troups you send are either controled by you or by the computer (ASBS). 
So fight your way through all those differnt levels and get the 
password to enter the next level. It looks rather nice, a bit messy 
sometimes on the screen but okay. If you like these kind of games i 
would say go for it...

                                            Bonus Software 
                          



